3832c2665b066cd4 |Software Engineer - Experimentation Team| |eBay Inc.| |San Jose, CA 95113| |Do you want to be part of the team that architects the industry’s most powerful and innovative
 e-commerce technology stack? eBay’s Core Product Technology team is embarking on an exciting
 journey to transform itself and is determined to revolutionize the future of the e-commerce landscape.
 
Are you the kind that simply loves all kinds of technologies and wants things to “just work the right
 way”? Do you live and breathe creating “artistic” code and engineering designs that exude quality and
 encourage others?
 
Experimentation Platform Engineering team is looking for folks who live for coding and debugging
 complex problems across a range of technology stacks. Our focus is on providing the platform which
 eBay can leverage to experiment features on the web, mWeb, and Native app. We serve billions of calls a
 day and with low latency and enable Product Managers around eBay to shape their products.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementFor more information see:|
fa4ae0d7bceb922f |Software Engineer - Front End| Tesla |Fremont, CA| |
Role: 
The Digital Experience team at Tesla is at the forefront of building a consistent, global customer experience across all digital touchpoints – web, native apps and in-car infotainment systems. This team is building the next generation products and supporting infrastructure which allows our customers, living in 60+ countries, to understand, interact and purchase our amazing vehicles and energy products. 
Tesla is seeking a Front-End Software Engineer to join our team and help build the next generation of web solutions for our service partners and customers as it relates to the ownership experience. You will be challenged to turn apps around quickly but thoughtfully, balancing speed to market with longevity and scalability, all in the name of extraordinary customer experiences. 
Responsibilities: 
Requirements: Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
37074ae64ab5b563 |Software Support Engineer Graduate| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
1068680At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions and advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
 Learning does not only happen through training. Relationships are among the most powerful ways for people to learn and grow, and this is part of our HPE culture. In addition to working alongside talented colleagues, you will have many opportunities to learn through coaching and stretch assignment opportunities. You’ll be guided by feedback and support to accelerate your learning and maximize your knowledge. We also have a “reverse mentoring” program which allows us to share our knowledge and strengths across our multi-generation workforce. 
The job family spans across multiple engineering disciplines. Work consists of designing, developing, analyzing, troubleshooting and debugging systems, software and solutions for research and/or research development of product, services, and solutions for company’s portfolio. Requires a broad knowledge and application of engineering disciplines, methodologies and tools. 
Then let’s stay connected! 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_CareersDesigns portions of engineering solutions utilizing multiple engineering disciplines for products, systems, software, and solutions based on established engineering principles and in accordance with provided specifications and requirements 
Implements established test plans for existing designs, including validation of mechanical, electrical, software, and other engineering specifications and requirements. 
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on engineering design and development. 
Participates as a member of project team of other engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical, Electrical, or other Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent. 
Typically 0-1 years experience. Experience or understanding of appropriate engineering design tools and software packages. 
Good analytical and problem solving skills. 
Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design. 
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. 
We offer: 
A competitive salary and extensive social benefits 
Diverse and dynamic work environment 
Work-life balance and support for career development 
An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it?
Responsibilities:
 
Education and Experience Required:
 
Knowledge and Skills:
|
8dec2481d172326e |Jr. Embedded Software Engineer| |Quake Global, Inc.| |San Diego, CA 92123| |Quake Global, a dynamic, fast-growing, high-tech electronics manufacturer has an immediate opening for a passionate Embedded Software Engineer. This person will work closely with the hardware development team and specify, develop, debug and validate a new embedded Linux-based system. This person will also support legacy embedded Linux-based systems and assist in testing as required. Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $65,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Location: Work authorization: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Summary:  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Embedded Linux software development in C in either the kernel or application level Evaluation, specification and integration of Linux kernel, BSP, bootloader, drivers, etc. Custom board bring-up, debugging and software design validation Maintenance of existing software platforms, root cause analysis, bug fixes and feature enhancement Documentation of work product, concepts, and architecture for a wide range of customers, products, and applications QUALIFICATIONS:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent and 2 years of experience in embedded systems development Working knowledge of C Experience with Git Strong written and verbal skills with the ability to present concepts clearly and concisely using programs such as Word, Excel (charts), and PowerPoint Experience with Linux distributions (i.e. Buildroot, Yocto, Ubuntu, etc.) ADDITIONAL DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:  Experience with Ethernet, USB, RS-232, RS-485, CAN, I2C, SPI, etc. Experience with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, BLE, AT command-sets and NMEA message strings Experience with Bash, Python, or other scripting languages Knowledge of test and diagnostic equipment such as spectrum analyzers and oscilloscopes 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Employee Assistance Program Flexible Schedule Flexible Spending Account Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Referral Program Vision Insurance Monday to Friday San Diego, CA 92123 (Required) United States (Required) No: Not providing sponsorship for this job Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative https://quakeglobal.com/ Waiting period may apply No|
5ebcaae1bd4335f9 |Software Engineer: .Net Developer FinTech| - |Irvine, CA 92618| |Software Developer - .Net Web Developer -Fintech $75,000.00 – $110,000.00 per year -- DOE You have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: Job Type: Full-time Pay: $75,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization:Job Title:  Salary:  Job Description Seeking .NET Full Stack Developer. Candidates should have full stack experience with ASP.NET MVC Web Development in particular. Candidate should be comfortable working autonomously and be self-motivated. Salary commensurate with experience. SKILLS AND QUALITIES:  Work with Business and Technology teams to design and develop enterprise class solutions for high-volume customers in the Servicing segment of the Mortgage Industry A desire to be creative and come up with solutions and designs that help make the product better while also showcasing your unique talents Design, develop, and maintain web applications (WebAPI, ASP.NET MVC, Web Forms, AngularJS) Support and enhance existing key Products and Solutions where needed. Research and adapt to emerging technologies Assist in solving technology related problems Able to work well on a Development team Full Stack Developer – Must be comfortable with all aspects of application development “Can-Do” approach to problem solving and solutioning around new requirements and products REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s Degree in CS, MIS, or related technology field preferred Strong understanding of object oriented programming, design patterns and principles Experience with system architecture, application design, database design and administration Strong knowledge of C#, ASP.NET, WebAPI, ADO.NET/EF and SQL. Preference given to experience with MVC, Web Forms, HTML5, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, AngularJS, and REST/SOAP Web Services Willingness to learn new technologies Willingness to share thoughts and ideas around how to make our products better Self-driven team player with ability to work independently and multi-task Proven record in setting and meeting project deadlines In-depth knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks including jQuery. Experience writing T-SQL database stored procedures. Applicant Qualifications How many years of C# experience do you have? How many years of JavaScript Libraries experience do you have? How many years of MVC experience do you have? How many years of OOD experience do you have? How many years of SQL - TSQL experience do you have? Are you willing to undergo a background check, in accordance with local law/regulations? 401(k) 401(k) matching Health insurance Paid time off Monday to Friday .NET MVC: 1 year (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Required)|
e4d8648790c79a71 |Hardware and Software Testing Engineer| |LensLock, LLC| |Poway, CA 92064| |Job Overview LensLock. is one of the fastest growing companies in the body, in-car, and fixed camera in this booming technology space. We are hiring a talented Quality Assurance professional to join our engineering team. If you're excited to be part of a winning company, LensLock is a great place to grow your career. Responsibilities for Quality Assurance Qualifications for Quality Assurance Job Type: Full-time Pay: $55,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Experience: Location: Work Location: This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: This Job Is: Company's website: Company's Facebook page: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Create quality measurements to track improvement in products Execute quality improvement testing and activities Develop quality assurance standards and company processes Create automation to optimize our time to production Adhere to industry quality and safety standards Ensure products meet customer expectations and demand Create reports documenting errors and issues for fixing Work closely with the development team to improve existing products Maintain standards for reliability and performance of production 1-5 years’ experience with Quality Assurance standards, procedures and automation Understanding of hardware and software quality assurance best practices Understanding of industry standards and company policies Automation of test cases Good customer focus Sharp attention to detail Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Meticulous and diligent attributes Great team player with the ability to work with minimal supervision Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday Bonus pay Technology Quality Assurance: 1 year (Preferred) Poway, CA 92064 (Required) One location Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma lenslock.com https://www.facebook.com/lenslock Only full-time employees eligible No|
752cbb09c24dd8b8 |University Grad, Software Engineer (Remote)| - |San Francisco, CA 94111| |

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. 
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. 
Read more about our values and culture. 
Coinbase is seeking university grads to join our engineering team to build new features that improve existing products like Retail, Pro, Custody, Wallet etc. You will solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems. You will help build the next generation of systems to make cryptocurrency accessible to everyone across the globe (desktop, iOS, Android), operating real-time applications with high frequency, low latency updates, keeping the platform safe from fraud and enabling delightful experiences, and managing the most secure, dockerized infrastructure running in the cloud. 
What you'll be doing: 
 
 
 What we look for in you: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Nice to haves: 
 Benefits at CoinbaseWork with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Write high quality, well-tested code to meet the needs of your customers. You write high quality, well-tested code to meet the needs of your customers. You're excited about hard problems and getting things done. You are self-motivated and committed to personal growth. You approach problems with positive energy. You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Sinatra, Rails, Postgres, MongoDB, Redshift and AWS. 
Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents 
HSA plan with company seed 
Disability and Life Insurance 
401(k) plan with company match 
$260 monthly Commuter Benefit 
Monthly Gym Benefit 
Volunteer Time Off 
Fertility Counseling and Benefits 
Learning and Development stipend 
18 weeks paid Parental Leave 
Meals and Snacks provided onsite 
The option of getting paid in digital currency 
7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days|
77ee03a42cbf9f6e |Software Test Automation Engineer| Supplyframe |Pasadena, CA 91105| |As a Software Test Automation Engineer, you will engage and interact closely with Product Management, QA Engineers and Software Development Teams to conceptualize and develop sophisticated test solutions and strategies. You will be responsible for building and maintaining test automation framework, coding, scheduling and reporting for our enterprise SaaS software. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: COVID-19 considerations: To keep our employees safe during COVID-19, we are working remotely. Experience: Education: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:SUMMARY REQUIREMENTS BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 3 to 5 years of experience in software test automation. Experience with building test automation framework, test automation scripting, scheduling and reporting using modern testing tools/frameworks. Analyzing test scenarios and design automation scripts. Maintenance of existing automation scripts. Experience with QA strategies such as UI and API level testing. Experience in troubleshooting and performance tuning of large-scale systems. Experience in JavaScript and Node.js. Experience with JIRA. Demonstrated experience in test planning, design, test strategy and test execution of highly complex systems Ability to design, plan and document Test plans, testing conditions, test scripts, and test data sets to ensure appropriate and adequate coverage and control. Intermediate to Expert level Experience with REST API driven Automation Familiarity with the latest Test Automation tools (e.g. Selenium WebDriver, Nightwatch.js, JMeter, JUnit, PyTest, Hibernate, React, TestNG, etc.) BENEFITS Competitive salary and bonus program in an entrepreneurial environment. Top-notch health, dental, and vision insurance. Stock options in a fast-growing tech company. 401k plan with matching contribution. Generous paid time off plan plus paid holidays. Frequent company-sponsored lunches, happy hours, fun events, and plenty of snacks and drinks. Supplyframe is an equal opportunity employer LGBTQ+ and BIPOC friendly. 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday software test automation: 3 years (Required) Bachelor's (Required) https://supplyframe.com/ Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
82373758fb7a16ed |HomeKit Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The HomeKit team provides the foundation that enables an entire ecosystem of secure and intelligent home connectivity. We are developing technologies and crafting experiences that revolutionize the way people interact with the accessories around them. The team is seeking a hardworking engineer to help build the Home automation platform and take it to the next level.|
f49ad79f85f6a8d9 |Software Engineer I-10847908| LTTS |Menlo Park, CA| |Work with designers to help consolidate disparate program functions into a unified whole. Works with programmers and coders to help map out various programming tasks and smaller functions, which are then combined into larger, functioning programs or new features for existing software. Typically work in both design and development stages of the software creation. Work with dedicated designers or design teams to work out the basic things the program or update will be expected to perform. Plot out the various aspects of the automated tasks that will be necessary, usually using design documentation and flowcharts to help illustrate the process. 
Skills: 
Knowledge of at least one of the following languages: C, C++, Java, PHP, Python. Knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience in machine learning and video coding and streaming. 
Education: 
BS + 2 years experience and MS + 1 year experience in Software Engineering 
Required Skills: 
CODING, ENGINEER, PHP 
Additional Skills: 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SQL, PYTHON, B2B SOFTWARE, DESIGN DOCUMENTATION, DOCUMENTATION, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING|
16ebc23610fc8fa9 |Software Developer| |Vagaro, Inc| |Dublin, CA 94568| |Vagaro Inc is looking for a Software Developer in our Dublin, CA office. Vagaro, Inc. develops all-in-one business management platforms and powerful online marketplaces for the salon, spa and fitness industries. More than 110,000 professionals in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia use Vagaro’s cloud-based software to manage all aspects of their operations and to market their services to local customers. Consumers choose Vagaro to search for and book services in their community at their convenience. Vagaro is easy-to-use and works on any device. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $99,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year Benefits: Experience: Education: Work authorization:Perks:  15 days PTO 10 company holidays Healthcare, dental & vision plans for individuals and families 401k with matching EAP & Work/Life Programs $30 per month to use towards any vagaro service Onsite fitness center (currently closed due to COVID) Discounted tickets program About the Company:  401(k) matching Dental insurance Employee discount Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance java: 2 years (Required) Master's (Required) United States (Required)|
ccfe6d143c6b84eb |Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The Apple Ecosystem Tools team is looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) to help us ensure the quality of our tools used for analysis and certification of a wide variety of communication protocols, including HomeKit, CarPlay, AirPlay 2, GymKit, and more.
We develop macOS and iOS apps used by Apple engineers and third party manufacturers to debug and certify their devices and accessories. We work closely with the development of protocol specifications as well as their certification procedures. Come join our team!|
fc502a6fb0fa2c5b |Software Engineer, Backend - University Graduate, 2021| Verkada |San Mateo, CA 94401| |
 
 

 

At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well. 
 
We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a startup culture working alongside teammates to launch products that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various teams including backend/infrastructure, mobile, firmware, or frontend/UI. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software enabling our best-in-class security systems. 
Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). 
Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.About Verkada The Role About our team|
4b27d86286937ae4 |Software Engineer - New Product Development| Lob |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Since addresses are the gateway to the offline world, our second flagship API is address verification, which helps people make sure the things they're sending actually get there. Customers and developers love our products, and we're growing fast to meet their needs. 
As a member of our software engineering team, you'll design and implement great products on a modern infrastructure. You'll take ownership of web-scale engineering challenges that affect millions of people. 
Our engineering team is collaborative, inclusive, autonomous, agile, direct, and kind. We recognize how lucky we are to work at a fast-growth startup, so we have fun while we work and give back to the world. We believe that diverse backgrounds and ideas result in better products and outcomes. Inc. Magazine recognized us as a Best Workplace for 2018.  . 
The "Atlas" team owns Lob's second flagship product, our Address Verification API, which is our newest and largest product investment to date. Lob's Address Verification API verifies that addresses are actually deliverable, enriches addresses with useful metadata, and helps cut major costs for our customers. 
Our vision is to be most accurate and fastest address API worldwide. In just a few years since it has launched, it has verified nearly a billion addresses and is continuing to grow at a breakneck pace. Lob is the first new company in nearly a decade to achieve the official USPS certification for address verification accuracy. To give you a peek ahead of what's next for this team, we're looking to continue scaling our system to support the needs of enterprise customers, expand availability across various new countries, and build intelligent algorithms to utilize Lob's mail deliverability data to power our address accuracy. 
As a Software Engineer at Lob, you'll... 
 
 
 
 
 For this role, we're looking for... 
 
 
 
 
Lob was built by technical co-founders with a vision to make the world programmable. We offer two flagship APIs (print & mail and address verification) that enable companies to send postal mail as effortlessly as sending emails. Lob is venture-backed by the most reputable investors in tech, and we are rapidly growing our team to shape the future of our company and meet the demands of a quickly growing customer base and dynamic product offerings. 
We give our employees a lot of responsibility and ownership of their work. You will have fun at work while engaging in challenging projects with the best and brightest. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lob is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of backgrounds and perspectives to cultivate an environment of understanding to have greater impact on our business and customers. We encourage under-represented groups to apply and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or criminal history in accordance with local, state, and/or federal laws, including the San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance. 
Forbes 30 Under 30 - Enterprise Technology 2017 
#61 on Y Combinator's Top Companies List 2018 
#26 2018 Fastest-Growing Private Companies, The Business Journals 
#LI-DNIADDRESS VERIFICATION We offer remote working opportunities in California, Texas, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York, and Illinois. You can also work onsite at our San Francisco headquarters 
About the Team Research, design, and build solutions to original problems pertaining to our address verification APIs. Everyone on our team gets to take ownership of problems—not just the most senior or tenured engineers. Contribute to codebases in Node, Elixir, or Go in a hybrid microservices and serverless ecosystem. Collaborate with stakeholders throughout Lob to troubleshoot business challenges, remove bottlenecks, and identify new opportunities for growth. Measure the effectiveness of our engineering work, and use data to drive decisions to help our customers. 2+ years of full-stack (backend, frontend, and database) experience in a modern web framework. Show us how you've used technology to solve problems. Exceptional collaborators and communicators. At Lob, you win by helping others succeed. You have concrete examples of ways you've gone above and beyond to help the people around you meet their goals. Experience building or working with APIs. It turns out that they're are a lot harder to design and change than they are to consume. You have Strong Opinions about what good API design looks like, informed by real-world experience. About Lob 
Perks Health benefits for you and your dependent(s) Healthcare Flexible Spending Accounts Unlimited vacation policy Commuter & Parking benefits (includes monthly stipend) Wellness program (includes monthly stipend or free Barry's Bootcamp classes!) Paid parental leave Free lunch, dinner, and snacks 401K Dog-friendly office Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the Lob team; you'll directly shape the direction of our company Our Commitment to Diversity|
251fcb4c13e1fe85 |Software Engineer| - |San Carlos, CA| |
 
We are a remote-work team, but we strive to replicate the camaraderie and serendipitous moments that in-person teams naturally enjoy. Therefore, we all commit to working a daily 4-hour overlap. Outside of that, you choose the start and stop times that make you the most productive and effective colleague. 
 
 
Position Overview: 
Sutter Health Design & Innovation is hiring a junior software engineer to break the patterns of our broken healthcare system. 
You'll be building and delivering features at a fast pace, working on greenfield projects. You’ll make healthcare more human, not less, with tech that is powerful, yet coy. This is an opportunity to work for social good and make a contribution to programs that raise the health status of the communities we live in. 
As part of the Design & Innovation team, you can expect to grow in your strengths, alongside an inclusive, eager team who’ll support you every step of the way. You will work with a diverse team that includes business leaders, software engineers, data scientists, designers, researchers, and product managers to create useful and elegant solutions. 
Sutter Health is one of the nation's largest not-for-profit healthcare systems, serving 3 million patients across 25 hospitals and hundreds of outpatient facilities in Northern California. The Design & Innovation team moves fast, and has the feel of a small startup within a large organization. We are perpetually curious about people, and that empathy fuels our work. 
Ambitious and speedy (by design), we are a build-first island within a buy-first culture. We are creating a portfolio of software projects, with the intent to graduate the best ideas and abandon unsuccessful experiments.
 Here are some real examples of our recent work to familiarize yourself with what the job entails: 
Our tech stack is, for now, Ruby on Rails, Stimulus.js, PostgreSQL, Redis, Heroku, Twilio, Auth0. 
You are a generalist, lifelong learner and you love it. You embrace ambiguity, with an owner’s mentality to decision making. You tilt toward action, threading the needle between analysis-paralysis and urgency. Your M.O. is pattern matching, and you’re always vigilant for perfect storm moments that breakthrough all the roadblocks. And by default, you laugh loud and often. 
We want you to contribute uniquely and foster increasing heterogeneity within the team. We know that diversity of experiences, talents and identities create the strongest teams, and we’re ready for the continuous commitment required to build such an inclusive environment. 
We might not always agree but we always value each other’s opinion. Everyone deserves to be heard, and in the end it is not about winning, it is about challenging each other, weighing the pros and cons of each solution and committing to do good work in the best interest of our users, both patients and providers alike. 
We are a healthcare company first. That means we honor our personal health first and are committed to creating a workplace that supports a sustainable, healthy work/life balance. You can expect smiles and laughs and celebrations of success and kudos. You can expect a normal 40 hour work week. You can expect 8 hours of sleep. You are not joining a ‘work hard, play hard’ team. Ours is a ‘work smart, create awesome things’ culture. Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Sutter Health System Office 
  Regular 
  Yes 
  Exempt 
  No 
  Day 
  8 Hour Shift 
  Monday-Friday 
  Other 
  Full Time 
  80
ABOUT THE JOB 
ABOUT US 
Web-based interface for care teams to collaboratively manage SMS conversations with patients. 
Automated, SMS-based surveys to onboard patients and track their health progress. 
Remote monitoring dashboard of sleep data for health coaches to support patients form good sleep habits. 
ABOUT YOU (AND US TOO) Healthcare experience is highly desirable but not absolutely required. Benefits at Sutter are designed for your health first. We offer PPO plans for both medical and dental. Other benefits include vision, life insurance, long-term disability and retirement plans. We also have employee discount offerings, flexible spending accounts, and an employee assistance program. 
Organization: Employee Status: Benefits: Position Status: Union: Job Shift: Shift Hours: Days of the Week Scheduled: Weekend Requirements: Schedule: Hrs Per 2wk Pay Period:
QUALIFICATIONS  Bachelor’s degree in EE/CE/CS or equivalent education  2+ years of experience as a software engineer  Familiarity with human-centered design BENEFITS|
d8b1e50aef03df98 |Software Engineer, Back End| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |This opportunity is to work for the Payments Group in eBay. We support all activities on eBay that require money movement and beyond. We build critical software that has immediate impact on millions of eBay users throughout the world. We are seeking a seasoned software engineer who is passionate about utilizing latest technologies to bring the best user experience to our customers. The candidate will work closely with the various business units, product management, architecture and operations as well as third party software vendors. The candidate is expected to be a self-starter and a team player, a strong driver for results.
 Collaborate with engineers, business units, product management, architects, and operations teams to build solutions in the Payments domain. Lead and estimate engineering effort, plan implementations, and rollout for applications integrating with cross-functional components. Design, develop and test major features while working in an Agile Scrum team. Utilize Java, Oracle DB, NoSQL and other technologies eBay is using, such as NodeJS, HTML, Javascript, CSS, AJAX…etc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementRequirements: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 
 Education : 
 
 
 For more information see:Design, develop and support projects throughout all phases of the software development life cycle Develop innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules, and adherence to development goals and principles Participate in all aspects of PDLC including requirement/design reviews as well as code reviews Create testing harness/infrastructure/test cases/Automation geared towards ensuring quality of the product Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes Lead product initiatives, recommend improvements, mentor and guide junior team members Identify project risks and work effectively to mitigate them Share release management duties on feature rollouts, Develop industry and product technical expertise Find and help fix stability/scalability issues in a very time critical environment Ability to think out of the box in solving real world problems. A portfolio or work samples demonstrating coding skills (e.g links to Github repository from open source contributions). Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills. Payment Industry experience a plus Bachelor's degree with 2+ years of experience Masters degree with 1 yearsof experience|
364f6eae87f6038c |iOS Software Engineer| PayPal |San Jose, CA 95131| |
 
 
 
We are looking for iOS Software Engineer to help lead the design, development, and testing of the PayPal Consumer Mobile application. We are passionate about code quality and follow our defined best practices while always searching for new, better ways to get things done. We value our ego-free code review and have continuous integration set up to test our pull requests, deliver nightly builds and run nightly regressions with our automated tests. We work closely and quickly with our design team to build, user test and iterate on new features with a customer driven focus. 
Requirements: 
 Job_Description_Summary: The PayPal Credit team is responsible for the mobile applications and services that provide PayPal Credit to our US and international customers. PayPal Credit is a strategic part of the PayPal business plan with important revenue-generating projects that will impact overall company performance. Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.Expert in designing and building iOS applications on top of RESTful services. Strong fluency in Swift, with working knowledge of Objective-C. Expert in design/implementation for availability, scalability and performance. Confidence in advocating for and implementing iOS design patterns. Write unit tests not because you have to, but because you know it makes your code better. Familiarity with continuous integration (Jenkins), application monitoring (Crashlytics and fabric.io), mocking tools (Appium and Apiary) and cucumber for functional tests. B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science is desired|
03a407aa9eead390 |Front End Software Engineer| - |Redwood City, CA 94063| |
 

 
 
 
 
We are passionate about building great software and looking for like-minded individuals who share this passion and who are continuously looking to learn and grow. In this impactful role, you will work closely with customers and engineering teams to deliver cutting edge user-interfaces and dashboards that enable our innovative payment system and services to be utilized by some of the biggest and fastest-growing software companies in the world. 
Our development is done in the cloud, using JavaScript, React / Redux, SASS, Webpack, etc 
Please use a personal email such as gmail, yahoo, etc when applying to the role. 
WePay’s mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications – thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, TouchBistro, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech. 
 You can find more information at wepay.com 
To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About WePay|
4c57297c8920af83 |Software Engineer for Instrumentation| |Sigray Inc.| |Concord, CA 94520| |We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our scientific team for an analysis software that has already been developed but needs to be maintained and split into classes. The responsibilities include writing and testing code and debugging programs. These applications will run in an OS environment. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $95,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Work Location: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Responsibilities Write effective, scalable code Integrate user-facing elements into applications Improve functionality of existing systems Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Ideal Qualifications  Degree or coursework in physics Work experience as a software engineer Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Familiarity with scientific packages for Python 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Health Insurance Paid Time Off Vision Insurance Monday to Friday relevant: 3 years (Preferred) One location No: Not providing sponsorship for this job www.sigray.com Waiting period may apply No|
ffe9014168b813b7 |Full Stack Software Engineer| StartX |Palo Alto, CA| |
Work in the most fast paced, collaborative, and well connected entrepreneurial environment in the world. Design and ship features that will be actively used by 1300+ of Stanford’s best entrepreneurs in StartX’s community.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 StartX knows that diversity, equity and inclusion create innovation. We want to actively build a culture and community that embraces and values teammates and founders of all backgrounds and experiences. We highly encourage people of color and women to apply. Help us make change in the tech industry!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opportunity Responsibilities Work directly with fellow software engineers to code and ship staff-facing and customer-facing features on both the StartX website and internal tools. Collaborate with other StartX teams to define requirements and specifications for new systems. Develop self sufficient systems to increase staff efficiency and impact. Design innovative solutions which are stable, secure, and performant. Monitor, troubleshoot and fix existing systems. Help us implement and improve our CI/CD processes. Cross-Functional Collaboration and Contribution Support and participate in StartX team activities, including regular staff meetings and retreats Proactively use StartX's core values and organizational objectives, including a commitment to DEI, to guide decision-making and execution. Participate in organization-wide priorities, like founder admissions and start-up check-ins. Contribute proactively to the cultivation of an inclusive, high-performing team.
 Qualifications Experience with Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, Javascript and MySQL is required. UI/UX design experience is a plus. Familiarity with Git and Github strongly preferred. BS is required, preferably in computer science or a related field. Characteristics Great execution skills. Is able to deliver high-quality work quickly. Learns quickly and proactively. Able to give and receive both positive and constructive feedback to improve personal and professional attributes. Takes initiative. A team player who can thrive in a fast-paced environment. Possesses great communication skills, is prompt to reply, and communicates in a professional manner. We are deeply committed to Diversity, Equity and Inclusiveness.
|
2b82b80ab42bf379 |Software Engineer (Entry Level, NCG)| |Yield Engineering Systems (YES)| |Fremont, CA 94538| |
Please send your resume to: 
Leslie Rodriguez 
Administrator, People & Culture 
lrodriguez@yieldengineering.com 
510-954-6889 x225data encapsulation, polymorphism
 
YES offers a competitive benefits package, which includes:

 
YES (Yield Engineering Systems, Inc.) is a leading manufacturer of high-tech, cost-effective equipment for
 
transforming surfaces, materials and interfaces at the nanoscale. From startups to the Fortune 50, our
 
customers rely on YES solutions to unleash products that change lives - from cellphones and IoT
 
devices, to AI and virtual reality, to diagnostic tests for COVID.
 
 
Our industry-leading vacuum cure ovens, chemical vapor deposition (CVD) systems, and plasma etching
 
tools are driving innovation in a wide range of exciting and growing markets. We look forward to talking
 
with smart, energetic, team-oriented people who can grow with us. We provide competitive salary and
 
benefits (including employee stock ownership), a beautiful light-filled new facility in a central location,
 
and some of the best co-workers you’ll find anywhere. If this appeals to you, please read on! 
 
 
Design classes in a complex software system for semiconductor equipment control. Develop C++ DLL
 
interface for external customer to control equipment. Design GUI for hardware controller and
 
Semiconductor Equipment with C#.NET. Develop HW control with serial interface and TCP/IP. Develop
 
TCP client/server applications. System testing and debugging. Develop automation test scripts. 
 
 
• Coding skill with C# or C++
 
• BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
|
ab68048f1c5fcbb6 |Software Engineer, Search| Benchling |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over the next 10 years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy will dramatically change how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials will transform the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology will produce sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this future, and magnify its impact, through modern software. 
 
Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling in their efforts to solve humanity's most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. 
 
Search is a foundational building block of the Benchling Platform — it’s a fundamental modality of user interaction in our applications, but also essential functionality underlying our API and Developer Platform. Discoverability of knowledge and assets is a huge benefit to research productivity in life sciences organizations. 
 
Benchling was founded by a team of MIT graduates and has raised funding from Benchmark, Andreessen Horowitz, Thrive Capital, and Y Combinator. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world's most renowned research institutes. 
Benchling brings best-in-breed data infrastructure to the world's leading biotech companies. As a Search Engineer, you'll build the one of the most important systems that power Benchling's platform and applications. Ultimately, your work will be reflected in the agility, performance, reliability, and security of the Benchling platform. 
 
We are looking for strong engineers with 5+ years of experience to join as a member of the larger Platform team and work alongside other infrastructure-focused peers. You'll collaborate with former Stripe, Google, and Facebook engineers to build a highly reliable, yet rapidly-evolving, backbone of our platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR VALUES 
 
 
 
 
 
PERKS AND BENEFITS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations. 
 

RESPONSIBILITIES Design, build, and maintain the next generation of Benchling’s search technology, and its integration into our application suite and platform Define, measure, and create automation for the key indicators of performance of Search functionally Design and implement the security and tenant isolation model for customer data in search systems Collaborate with other teams in Platform and Infrastructure Roll out new systems into production, and migrate from legacy systems to new implementations YOU Have 5 or more years of experience as a software engineer, including experience with delivering Search functionality in the context of a modern, cloud-first software-as-a-service platform. Have experience with and understand how to effectively use and integrate popular open-source distributed search systems, such as ElasticSearch or Solr. Understand cloud computing and microservices architectures. Experience with major cloud platforms, especially AWS, is a plus. Write clear, well-tested code in Python, Java, Go, or Ruby. Have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field. Empower through information. We explain the “why” behind every decision, unless there are highly sensitive circumstances. We're honest about how we're doing, especially in difficult times. We believe that sharing information builds trust and enables better decision-making. Rely on tenacity. Hard work is one of the greatest factors to determine success and is fully under our control. We must make the most of every day by bringing the highest level of determination. Dreaming big is not enough. Raise the bar. Pushing ourselves and others to improve will be uncomfortable and at times result in failure. However, it's critical to our success. We're dedicated to creating a place where everyone feels challenged to improve. Build a lever. We choose to build tools and infrastructure that will help others make world-changing innovations. There's less glory in it, but in the words of Archimedes, "Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world." Work with a talented yet humble team Competitive compensation & equity package 401k Medical, dental, and vision insurance Monthly health & wellness stipend Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats$1,000 work-from-home stipend To support remote work conditions, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000 upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.|
9814f69159f56fed |Software Engineer - iCloud Web Apps| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish.
Do you love the challenge of solving complex problems that can have a direct impact on the success of the company? Do you want to work on products that are used globally every single day? If so, be part of a diverse team with varied strengths crafting groundbreaking, complex JavaScript applications for iCloud.com. We’re looking for meticulous, creative engineers to build the world’s best web applications.|
b63bd8a1454ff520 |Software Engineer| Proofpoint |Sunnyvale, CA 94085| |It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!
 
We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.
 
The Role
 At Proofpoint, you will find an environment where innovation comes from creative collaboration and where everyone is empowered to go fast and have fun. If you find joy making the impossible possible you will feel right at home with our team! The Security Products Group is the core of Proofpoint’s success, and you will be contributing to our efforts to do what we do, even better.
 We are looking for a Software Engineer who is an outstanding team player with a positive attitude, and high energy, to help us deliver state of the art products. Someone that want to grow herself, the product and the team. We're looking for someone with the ability to work independent, and communicate clearly and effectively with team members.
 Your day-to-day
 You understand the complexities and tradeoffs for building systems with 99.999% availability.
 Design/Code/Test based on user stories, and product defects.
 Contribute to software design and code reviews.
 Solid understanding of algorithms & data structures along with their runtime complexities.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Introduce and influence process improvements and act as an agent for change to the organization.
 What you bring to the team
 BS Degree in CS, or similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience
 2-4 years software development experience
 Full Stack developer, while you may love the backend, you are not shy of the UI
 Good experience in LINUX/UNIX and any scripting language (Ruby / Perl / Python) or Java
 High accountability and a track record of delivering high quality game changing products
 Low ego and someone who puts the team and the organization first. You have strong opinions that are loosely held
 Challenges status quo and looks for continuous improvement in systems and processes
 #LI-EC1
 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!|
e8eb4112290b2936 |Software Development Engineer in Test- Storage (All Entry Levels)| |SK Hynix Memory Solutions America Inc.| |San Jose, CA| |SK hynix memory solutions America Inc. (SKHMS America) provides industry-leading controller hardware, advanced flash management systems, and firmware for NAND and post 2D-NAND based storage solutions spanning Enterprise, Client and Mobile market segments. We are part of the world's top tier semiconductor supplier, SK hynix, offering Dynamic Random Access Memory chips (DRAM), Flash memory chips (NAND Flash) and CMOS Image Sensor (CIS) for a wide range of distinguished customers globally. 
 
SK hynix memory solutions America Inc. offers you the opportunity to apply your skills to exciting projects while working with innovative teams. Our compensation package is complimented by a generous benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance and a company 401(k) match, as well as cafeteria, onsite gym and much more. If you are motivated by technical challenges, we offer a collaborative work environment that encourages career growth.
Main Job Responsibilities: 
Design and develop test software for enterprise class storage devices (eSSD) firmware validation. 
Develop test strategies and plans for comprehensive coverage of different aspects of eSSD firmware, including but not limited to host protocols (NVMe/PCIe) and Flash translation layer. 
Define firmware requirements for the white-box test development; working closely with firmware team members. 
Oversee regression runs, including triaging of issue, and report failures to firmware or other stakeholders. 
As a key eSSD development core team member, lead firmware validation projects from planning, execution, to reporting of status to the core team. 
Requirements: 
BS in Electrical or Computer Engineering required; MS is a plus. 
Excellent programming concepts, especially object oriented design and scripting languages like Python/JavaScript. 
Excellent analytical skills for failure triage and problem recreation. 
Fast learner with good communication skills. 
Must be proactive and a strong team player. 
Knowledge of PCIE-NVMe storage protocol/specifications and different firmware modules like host and backend is a huge plus.|
ca09d182775d4244 |Software Development Engineer| |Silver Peak Systems| |Santa Clara, CA 95050| |
#LI-SS1Silver Peak is at the forefront of Software-Defined Wide Area Networking (SD-WAN), an exciting and disruptive trend in the networking industry. Silver Peak’s large customer base uses our solution to effectively connect their remote users to applications. 
We are looking for a Software Development Engineer who will own the design and implementation of cloud applications for Silver Peak's SD-WAN offering. Our mission critical cloud applications enable Silver Peak’s industry leading visibility and control solutions, enterprise and service provider software licensing, and cloud managed orchestration. In addition to direct development responsibilities, you will participate in all architectural, technology and productivity tool selection decisions.
Who we are looking for: 
What you will do:  Develop new features for Silver Peak Orchestrator web application that enables centralized management of SD-WAN enabled networks  Responsible for front end and back end software development for web applications  White box unit test cases for your implementations  Collaborate with remote teams 
What you need to bring:  Experience in NodeJS/Java based web development  Experience in developing web applications for cloud deployments  Proven track record of developing database applications using SQL and NoSQL  Experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript and REST API  Complete ownership, Problem-solving skills and tremendous self-drive  Strong written and verbal communication skills 
Your Education and Experience: 5+ years of work experience US Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems/Applications|
06e5283774424a9c |Software Engineer in Test| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 Job Description 
 Qualifications 
 
Additional Information 

At Palo Alto Networks®, everything starts and ends with our mission: 
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. 
We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are. 
As a Software QA engineer in the functional testing team, you will be responsible for testing the upcoming new features on Palo Alto Networks’ next-generation firewall. You will participate in the requirements and design discussions and make a difference in shaping the future direction. The work will involve close interaction with development and product management teams. You will write and execute test plans based on requirements and design specs. You will maintain complex testbeds to validate the design. 
You will drive the efficiency and reliability of our products by testing them thoroughly to understand potential risks, bugs, or issues, providing an exemplary product experience for our end users. You strive for the best in everything you do—meaning you won’t rest until the products you work on at the highest quality. You love hunting for problems within the code, seeking issues to correct, and enjoy the challenge of a code-based scavenger hunt that includes testing, providing feedback, and identifying alternative suggestions for our product’s environment. 
Our engineering team is at the core of our products and connected directly to the mission of preventing cyberattacks. We are constantly innovating — challenging the way we, and the industry, think about cybersecurity. Our engineers don’t shy away from building products to solve problems no one has pursued before. 
We define the industry instead of waiting for directions. We need individuals who feel comfortable in ambiguity, excited by the prospect of a challenge, and empowered by the unknown risks facing our everyday lives that are only enabled by a secure digital environment. 
We’re trailblazers who dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: We can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com. 
Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.
Our Mission 
Your Career 
Your Impact 
Your Experience 
The Team 
Our Commitment
Responsible for functional testing and automation of Palo Alto Networks’ next-generation firewall 
Develop and execute test plans and test cases 
Develop tools and infrastructure to improve the quality and efficiency of testing 
Work closely with the Software Engineering, Product Management teams during product development from design to release. 
Automating the test cases using Python and other scripting languages 
Executing the automation regression release on release and raising defects if any 
Reproduce and debug issues found during and after software release 
Develop and maintain complex testbed environments 
Knowledge of UMTS/CDMA wireless architecture for data services 
Knowledge of LTE architecture Nodes: MME, S-GW/PGW 
Mobility/session management protocols, GTP, SCTP and other network mobility protocols. 
Experience with GNU tools and good to have experience with typical test tools from Spirent, Breaking Point, and Ixia 
Experience with bug tracking tools such as Jira/Bugzilla and versioning systems like Perforce/git is desirable 
Proficient in Python Scripting and/or automation 
Knowledge of Windows and Linux system set up and administration 
Experience setting testbeds in a Virtualization environment is desirable|
f66b1565113d7e56 |Software Engineer| - |Fremont, CA 94538| |Work in an exciting challenging environment to develop and maintain software for hardware control. In this role you will work with Scientists and Systems Engineers to gather requirements and implement code. It is exciting to see your code interacting with hardware (robots, vision systems, sensors and gauges) and data to produce results via complex algorithms. : The software engineer will cover the entire technology stack that is necessary to create .Net applications and modules. The application on which you will be working involves multiple processes(exes) with communication via WCF. A successful candidate should have experience in developing and/or maintaining applications interfacing/interacting with various instrument/tool hardware components. · Develop new features for hardware control which may include low level application code, domain application logic and/or UI code. · Debug existing source code and fix bugs as needed. · Work independently and collaboratively as needed. · Take ownership of assigned tasks and finish in a timely manner · Continuously learn and improve skills. · Attention to detail is essential and all tasks must be carried out to the highest standard · Self-starter and quick learner of new technologies and processes · Strong communication and problem-solving skills – possess the ability to translate business requirements into application code · Ability to take ownership of the complete software development cycle from requirements gathering to design to implementation · Team player who will work in a collaborative environment with users and the engineering team · Passionate about well-designed software that is modifiable, efficient, reliable and meets coding standards · Semiconductor/ Metrology software systems · GUI development for Semiconductor/ Metrology software systems · Semiconductor equipment automation - SEMI standards/ SECS/GEM · Working knowledge of GIT · Working knowledge of JIRA · Test driven development · Database application development and data modeling techniques Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $135,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Experience: Work authorization: Work Location: This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Job Description Key Responsibilities:  Qualifications Required Technical Skills/Experience 6+ years of software development experience in OO environment 4+ years of coding and development experience using C#. Net with Visual Studio 2017/2019 Experience with Microsoft .NET technologies - WinForms, WPF, WCF, MS Unit test Experience working in a multi-threaded environment Experience working with SQL databases Hands on experience working with hardware components Preferred Knowledge/Experience 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Employee Assistance Program Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Parental Leave Referral Program Retirement Plan Vision Insurance 8 Hour Shift Monday to Friday Bonus Pay software development: 5 years (Preferred) Semiconductor: 3 years (Preferred) hardware: 3 years (Preferred) United States (Preferred) One location Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
b65fdc66aa23286b |Software Engineer, Junior| |Booz Allen Hamilton| |El Segundo, CA 90245| |
Are you looking for an opportunity to not just develop software, but to help build a system that will has real world impact? As a full-stack developer, you can solve a problem with a complete end-to-end solution in a fast-paced, agile environment. We’re looking for a developer with the skills needed to build applications from vision to production-ready system. 
This role is more than just coding. We need a full-stack developer who will use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and identify needed system improvements. You’ll work with the development team to build production level analytics, data science, and machine learning applications. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to help make sure the solution the team develops considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements. 
Empower change with us. 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to: 
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.The Challenge: 
You Have: 1+ years of experience with programming languages, including JavaScript, Python, Java, or C++ Knowledge of Agile software development Knowledge of appropriate applications of core data structure and algorithms Ability to learn new programming languages, frameworks, and tools continually Ability to work collaboratively in dynamic groups of various sizes Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree in CS 
Nice If You Have: Experience with AWS or other cloud platforms Experience with data pipeline tools, including Kafka, NiFi, or Apache Spark Experience with DevSecOps tooling, including Docker, Kubernetes, or Jenkins Experience with JavaScript frameworks, including React, Vue, and Angular Knowledge of n-tier and large-scale software architecture Secret clearance 
Clearance: 
Build Your Career: 
experts in virtually every field 
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees 
opportunities that provide stability while offering variety|
d3295de7e5bd2da9 |Machine Learning Engineer, Search Quality| - |Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 

Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It’s where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. As a Pinterest employee, you’ll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You’ll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping users make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet. 
The Search Team at Pinterest helps Pinners explore and find the things they love through a unique visual search experience. Where web search is about finding answers, Pinterest search is about inspiration and discovery. This leads to unique technical challenges with handling an index of billions of unique images and their associated metadata. We’re looking for a software engineer to build advanced search technology using both text and visual signals. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
#LI-LP2About Pinterest: 
What you'll do: Build a search product that keeps Pinners engaged with great personalized content Build search ranking systems that handle billions of unique images and high search query volume Work on aspects of the search ranking problem such as query understanding, search results ranking, search relevance, and localization of results Build models or develop ranking signals for more than 340 million monthly users What we're looking for: 5+ years working experience Interest or experience working on a large-scale ranking system, or technical background in applied Machine Learning Experience with big data (Hadoop/cascading etc) Passion for applied ML and the Pinterest product|
e932658db29e3ed9 |Software Engineer - Entry Level| - |Pasadena, CA 91109| |Overview:
 
Responsibilities:
 
 
Qualifications:

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
Our missions are complex, long-lasting, far-reaching—and each one is unique. We’re constantly developing new mission-specific software. For designers, engineers, architects, and developers who like to test the limits, JPL is a constant source of new stimulating challenges. 
In this role you would be a vital team member in a JPL software or computer engineering groups. You will partner with lead engineers to design, code, and develop secure software applications and interface solutions that power JPL’s spacecraft, science instruments, mission control systems, science analysis pipelines and IT services. You will integrate algorithms and models into software components for production and analysis of mission and enterprise data. You will use general understanding of the complexity and interdependence involved with integrating multiple applications with complex data sources, and deploying the resulting systems at sites worldwide and beyond. 
Opportunities in Software Computing Systems Engineering include, but are not limited to, the following:
Cybersecurity Engineer 
Data Scientist 
Data Visualization Developer 
Electrical Ground Support Equipment Software Engineer 
Engineering Applications Software Engineer 
Flight Software Engineer 
Scientific Application & Data Interaction Engineer 
Scientific Applications Software Engineer 
Software Systems Architect 
Software Systems Engineer 
Software Systems Engineer 
User Interface Designer 
User Interface Developer Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or related major. 
Minimum of a 3.0/4.0 cumulative GPA.|
8b1d4b6fb6652967 |Software Engineer Intern| - |San Jose, CA| |Like to shake things up? We do. eBay hires innovators who can push boundaries and change the world. Design, develop and implement core software systems or applications. Think globally and help eBay be on the top tier with new products, including cloud-based or internet-related tools. 
Disclaimer: Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our  
View our privacy policy 
View our accessibility infouse of cookies 
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at  talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. 
For more information see: 
EEO is the Law Poster 
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement|
32b054c71ecdf33b |Software Engineer| DocSend |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We've had a proven success record of working together to deliver a world-class solution for secure document sharing and tracking. As the top-rated product in our space, DocSend keeps high-quality engineering at the core of what we do, and we’re looking for a Software Engineer to join us! 
As a Software Engineer, you’ll be a crucial member of our engineering team as we continue to build out our top-quality product. You’ll be able to own projects and features right out the gate, with support from our more senior engineers. In this full stack role, you’ll work with Product, Design, and Backend Engineers to build a variety of impactful features for our growing user base. 
 Our current stack is a Ruby on Rails web app running on Heroku with CoffeeScript, Haml, and LESS. 
DocSend engineering believes in quality, collaboration, and fun. We’ve got everything from diverse leadership to team outings. We always want to better ourselves, and as engineers, we do that by focusing on creating better solutions, better code, and a better skill set. Together, we collaborate, support, and inspire each other to grow and take ownership across the product. 
Sound like your kind of place? We love to hear it. Come chat with us! 
DocSend is a tight-knit group of fiercely intelligent, driven, and fun individuals. We take pride in providing an inclusive and supportive environment designed for personal growth and organizational happiness. We make time for each other with daily lunch in the office, monthly game nights, weekly happy hours, and regular retreats. 
 
DocSend enables business leaders to confidently share business-critical documents and get real-time, actionable feedback. DocSend empowers growth for a wide array of leaders at BuzzFeed, Forbes, Gusto, The New York Times, and over 10,000 more.
ABOUT THE ROLE 
ABOUT OUR ENGINEERING TEAM Who We Are What We Do 
DocSend is proud to be an equal opportunity employer dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.|
8016de606586dc72 |Software Engineer - Back-End| Smartcar |Mountain View, CA 94043| |
 
 
Software Engineer - Back-End 
Founded in 2015, Smartcar is the leading developer platform for mobility businesses. We have raised $12 million in Seed and Series A funding from Andreessen Horowitz and NEA. Our headquarters is located in Mountain View, California. 
 
From auto insurance to fleet management, businesses of all kinds use our APIs to verify vehicle mileage, issue digital car keys, manage EV charging, and track fleets. To name a few, the peer-to-peer car sharing marketplace Turo, the IoT technology company Samsung SmartThings, and the insurance provider Just Auto Insurance use our platform to build and scale their mobility services. 
 
By making it easy to connect to their customers’ vehicles, Smartcar allows these companies to focus on what’s important: building the future of mobility. 
 
In this role, you will report directly to Gurpreet Atwal! 
Feel free to check out what our interview process looks like. 
We'd love for you to join us. 
Smartcar is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.|
e25924e6474f02e5 |Software QA Engineer| JoyRun |Redwood City, CA 94063| |As a Software QA Engineer at JoyRun, you will be working with a smart team of doers, building an exciting product for consumers. Help us ensure the highest level of quality while keeping the team moving on quick releases. This is a role for someone who enjoys the quick pace of startups, and likes adding structure to something very dynamic. Role & Responsibilities: Qualifications: Job Type: Full-time Pay: $89,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: Company's website:Execute manual test cases, with an intellectual curiosity to discover any issues with the application in development Help communicate with Product, Engineering and Operations to ensure all stakeholders are in sync Build automated frameworks to help expand test coverage Knowledge of manual testing, with automated test skills being a plus! Mobile application testing skills Attention to detail Communication skills - verbal and written - as this role will help support other teams in their goals 4 year degree, preferably in CS or a STEM-related field, or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience in manual/automated QA testing Experience with API/backend/mobile testing (web is not necessary) Experience automating repetitive testing tasks Some experience with scripting and coding automated/unit tests Several years experience owning testing for a large chunk of a product (ideally at a startup) 401(k) Dental Insurance Flexible Schedule Health Insurance Vision Insurance Monday to Friday Software Testing: 3 years (Required) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Required) No: Not providing sponsorship for this job www.joyrun.com|
3623e90b0aec81bd |Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Why Apple?
At Apple we believe our products begin with our people. We have a diverse, smart team that drives creative thought. By giving the team the resources they need to be leaders in innovation, we are also successful at driving precision. Through our collaborative process we create memorable experiences for our customers. These elements come together to make Apple an amazing environment for motivated people to do the greatest work of their lives. You will become part of a Engineering Project Management Team that sets the standard in cultivating excellence, creativity and innovation. Will you help us design the next generation of revolutionary Apple products? Apple is looking for a Software Engineer with cloud services experience to drive design and implementation of a critical and unique customer-facing Apple service. This is a rare opportunity to own a new set of services/microservices from the beginning within a team with a no-ops culture.|
2655f808d80ceff3 |Software Development Engineer, Alexa Video| - |Sunnyvale, CA| |
 
 
 
Want to transform the way people enjoy video? Come join the team that made Fire TV, Amazon Video, DirecTV, Hulu, Netflix and more available to Alexa customers. We are developing customer delighting experiences for video search and discovery using state of the art machine learning technologies so that anyone can leverage the power of Alexa. We want to ensure customers get to the content they care about, faster. 
 
You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, and implementation of cutting edge technology that will be used every day by people you know. We’re looking for people who are passionate about innovating on behalf of customers, demonstrate a high degree of ownership, and want to have fun while they make history. 
 
We are seeking a talented, self-directed Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about designing, developing solutions for voice search and discovery on video. This is a unique opportunity where you will be working on cutting edge technology and also see it impact customer's lives in meaningful ways. 
Key Responsibilities: 
 If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, know how to deliver, are deeply technical, highly innovative and long for the opportunity to build pioneering solutions to challenging problems, we want to talk to you. 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / AgeBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years experience building production software systems Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs Experience developing with distributed systems. Experience with high level programming languagesWork with product managers and translate product requirements into technical deliverables. Prototype, A/B test and launch several customer facing experiences for Alexa Video. Design and develop high-throughput low latency systems for Alexa scale. Develop feedback loops and use it to improve quality. Master's degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent. Experience developing cloud software services with a keen understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience with machine learning, NLP, search or personalization domains. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences|
5c03e7facc753b31 |Software Engineer| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |Like to shake things up? We do. eBay hires innovators who can push boundaries and change the world. Design, develop and implement core software systems or applications. Think globally and help eBay be on the top tier with new products, including cloud-based or internet-related tools.
 We are looking for a motivated software engineer to build robust and scalable software, help improve our code services and system architecture, participate in brainstorming sessions and supply ideas to our technology, algorithms and products, and work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and deliver results. We want the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, prioritize projects, plan implementations, and triage production issues. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop distributed systems powering the world’s largest e-commerce websites at a scale few companies can match.
 
  By applying to this position, your application will be considered for locations we hire for in the United States including, but not limited to: Bay Area, CA; Bellevue, WA; Portland, OR; Boston, MA and New York, NY.
 
 
Analytical. Able to convert abstract concepts into viable products using CS fundamentals
 
Resourceful. Have the ability to do a lot with a little. Be able to aggregate information from various places and build relationships with key partners to get the information you need
 
Data Driven. Able to use data to frame out and solve problems
 
 
Programming expertise. Be proficient at object oriented programming concepts, design patters, and SDLCA technical connoisseur. Be comfortable with algorithms and data structures, such as dynamic array, linked list, stack, queue, binary search, binary search tree, hash map, depth first search, breadth first search, and merge sort.
 
A go-getter. Seek new opportunities, don’t shy away from challenges, and bring energy and enthusiasm to the office every day.
 
 
Completed a Bachelor's, Master’s or PhD Degree in Computer Science or related field
 
Strong applied experience. You’ve built, broken, and rebuilt software applications
 
Creative thinker who knows how to create real-world products
 
  Java, Python, distributed systems, cloud-related knowledge
  Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 View our privacy policy
 View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
  Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementNote: You are: We need: Basic Qualifications: Key skills: Disclaimer: Disclaimer: For more information see:|
c855c3752a25b2e4 |Software Engineer, Energy Optimization| - |Palo Alto, CA| |


The Energy Optimization team develops and maintains the high-level control systems for Megapacks, Powerwalls, Virtual Power Plants, and microgrids. Our systems continuously forecast the availability and price of energy, determine optimal control strategies, and dispatch energy in real-time. We have repeatedly demonstrated success in residential, commercial, and utility-scale settings. 
We are looking for talented software engineers to help build the platforms necessary for the next phase of our growth. You will help define new control strategies, extend our services to new applications and markets, and scale our infrastructure to support hundreds of gigawatt-hours around the globe. You will contribute to real-time control systems - both embedded and cloud - and to the offline platforms used for algorithm development and training. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
d67523c8b850bd6a |Senior Software Engineer (MES/C#)| - |Fremont, CA| |

 
 
 
 
 
The Role 
We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in full-stack development. You will join a small, expert team building front-end and server-side software for our Manufacturing Execution System (MES) used at our Fremont manufacturing site for Model S and X production. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a strong desire to delve into an existing software stack to continually improve the suite of our Factory Software systems. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs and change requests. 
Responsibilities 
Requirements Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
df81a2285614a823 |Software Engineer, Frontend| Brex |San Francisco, CA| 
d7047402a3f332f7 |Frontend Software Engineer| Sibros |San Jose, CA| |Description
 Based in Silicon Valley, Sibros is a fast-growing venture backed automotive tech company led by an expert team from Faraday Future, Tesla, Uber and other leading auto-mobility brands. Our Deep Connected Mobility platform helps automakers manage all the software and data between vehicles and the cloud enabling advanced OTA (Over-the-Air) software updates, deep data collection, software inventory management, service management, remote diagnostics and beyond. At Sibros you’ll have the opportunity to work at the forefront of disruptive technology running on millions of vehicles and used by leading EV and autonomous startups to some of the world’s largest and most prestigious automakers.
 
From day one, your work at Sibros will have a positive impact on millions of vehicles. Over the last year, we’ve seen EV and mobility overtake mobile or web in funding. Help support the backbone of this revolution and work with tier-1 vehicle and mobility manufacturers, experience early demos, and learn from the best.
 About the Role
 
Minimum Qualifications
 
Preferred Qualifications
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Work closely with our customers to understand their needs and build high-quality user interfaces. Build, test and ship dashboards using frameworks like React, ES6, and Webpack. Work with engineers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Add positive energy in every meeting or interaction with your coworkers. A passion for all things UI and Front End Familiar with git version control system Ability to collaborate and communicate complex technical concepts Experience with ReactJS Experience building highly scalable, high performance, responsive web applications Experience in fundamental front end web technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS, JavaScript Experience working with charting libraries (i.e. ChartJS, Chartist, Grafana). Experience building, adopting and maintaining RESTful apis. Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment Strong customer focus and obsession with quality Experience working with UI for data heavy products. Experience working with AWS|
28e568195729f626 |Software Engineer| - |Santa Ana, CA 92707| |Join our team! As a member of the First American family of companies, First American Trust is a federal savings bank that has provided banking, wealth management, and trust solutions on a national, full-service basis for more than five decades. As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. We believe that our people are the key to the company’s continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.firstamtrust.com 
Do you desire meaningful work? Looking for exposure to cutting-edge technology? Want to make a positive impact with your influence? Of course you do! At First American Trust, we are working on brand new technologies supporting the banking industry and looking for someone eager to collaborate with our team, at this exciting time! Rise to the challenge and make your mark using cloud computing, Ruby on Rails, Docker Containers etc. Get the exposure working front-middle-backend experience by joining our innovative team. The Software Engineer position requires understanding business needs and translating them effectively into applications either individually or as part of a team. 
Participate in design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and deploying of software code for business products 
Modify and enhance existing products 
Work comfortably within small teams in a corporate environment that requires regular communication with other software engineers, product owner, scrum master, or stakeholders to ensure successful implementation and support product efforts 
Independently define and prioritize individual goals and tasks as part of an agile development process 
Keep up with industry to continually improve technology stack 
Participate in an Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver high-quality software releases 
Ability to participate in an on-call rotation when needed 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline is required 
1-3 years’ experience in software development, at least one year experience on Python or Ruby on Rails 
Knowledge of MVC frameworks 
Experience with React, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS and client-side frameworks 
Experience with Database (PostgreSQL and MySQL) 
Experience with consuming web services (XML, JSON) and building RESTful web services 
A high level of intellectual curiosity and general professionalism is necessary 
Familiarity with established design and development tools, including source control and build management, is preferred 
Experience of SCRUM/Agile experience is a plus 
Azure/AWS experience is a plus 
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
Job Summary 
Software Engineer 
Summary 
Responsibilities 
Job Qualifications|
b81745d9b186b80d |MTS 1, Software Engineer (Back-End)| |eBay Inc.| |San Jose, CA 95113| |Job Description
 The Order Management team is at the core of eCommerce under the Payments organization in eBay. We power all checkout and support all activities on the eBay site that requires money movement and beyond. We build critical software that has immediate impact on millions of eBay users throughout the world. We are seeking a seasoned software engineer who is passionate about the utilizing latest technologies to bring the best user experience to our customers. You will work closely with the various business units, product management, architecture and operations as well as third party software vendors. We are looking or a self-starter and a team player who is a strong driver for results.
 You will collaborate with engineers, business units, product management, architects, and operations teams to build solutions in the Payments domain. Lead and estimate engineering efforts, plan implementations and rollout for applications integrating with cross-functional components. Design, develop and test major features while working in an Agile Scrum team. Utilize Java, Oracle DB, NoSQL, Elastic and other technologies eBay is using.
 
 
 
 
 
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementRequirements: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 For more information see:Design, develop and support projects throughout all phases of the software development life cycle Develop innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules, and adherence to development goals and principles Participate in all aspects of PDLC including requirement/design reviews as well as code reviews Create testing harness/infrastructure/test cases/Automation geared towards ensuring quality of the product Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes Lead product initiatives, recommend improvements, mentor and guide junior team members Identify project risks and work effectively to mitigate them Share release management duties on feature rollouts, Develop industry and product technical expertise Find and help fix stability/scalability issues in a very time critical environment Ability to think out of the box in solving real world problems. A portfolio or work samples demonstrating coding skills (e.g links to Github repository from open source contributions). Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills.|
56af4aca8a342c47 |Embedded software engineer- UDS and Bootloader| |Tata Elxsi| |Santa Clara, CA 95051| |Job Types: Full-time, Contract Pay: Up to $65.00 per hour Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Contract Length: Contract Renewal: Full Time Opportunity: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Job Is: Company's website: Work Remotely:BS minimum in the areas of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or other related fields Ideally 5+ years of work experience Advanced degrees preferred Experience in Embedded software programming ( C /C++) with Linux or QNX Experience with GPU programming using CUDA or OpenCL Knowledge of MISRA C/C++ rules and automotive SPICE bootloader, automotive diagnostics (UDS/DoIP), 401(k) Dental insurance Flexible spending account Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday embedded C: 4 years (Preferred) automotive: 1 year (Preferred) UDS: 4 years (Preferred) Bootloader : 4 years (Preferred) Master's (Preferred) United States (Preferred) 1 year Likely Yes Yes: H-1B work authorization Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.) A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or more A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education www.tataelxsi.com Temporarily due to COVID-19|
d6cf14e1eee497b0 |Software Engineer| rockset |San Mateo, CA| |
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
ABOUT ROCKSET 
Rockset’s vision is to make the world more data driven. Building powerful data applications today requires a combination of complex interdependent data management systems that often resembles a Rube Goldberg machine of sorts. At Rockset, we imagine a world where developers and data scientists go from complex data sets to fast interactive applications and analysis effortlessly, within minutes. Rockset is built by experts with decades of experience in web-scale data management and distributed systems. Our team comprises engineers who helped create the online data and search infrastructure at Facebook, founded the Hadoop Filesystem project at Yahoo, implemented the Gmail backend and Kubernetes at Google, and built databases at Oracle. 
 
We're a fast-growing company. We value curiosity, diversity, and open-mindedness. You will solve interesting problems, surrounded by exceptional people, while making customers happy. We work hard, but also take our personal lives and experiences seriously. We are backed by Greylock Partners and Sequoia Capital, and headquartered in San Mateo, CA with offices in Boston, MA and London, UK. 
 ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY 
We are looking for people who are excited by distributed systems and database technologies. Expect to have a lot of influence over the system we are creating. You should be curious and ready to deep dive into designing scalable distributed systems. 
You will contribute to the design and development of key backend features and components and participate in building infrastructure components from the ground up. You'll contribute to an architecture that anticipates large deployments and can handle scale and design clean, usable APIs. Our ideal candidate will have passion for crafting exceptional engineering solutions, striving for improving performance and helping customers succeed. OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.|
470411ebc27b3298 |Software Engineer I| Lytx |San Diego, CA 92121| |You go all in no matter what you do, and so do we. You want to use your powers for good, and that’s exactly what we do at Lytx®. Our team is made up of hungry, humble, and capable people who are making a difference every day with technology that helps save lives each year.
 We are seeking a Software Engineer to help accelerate our industry leading Driver Safety. Our products manage massive amounts of data collected from over 500,000 vehicles worldwide. We use the data and video to derive intelligent insights using Machine Vision and AI. We also track real time telematics for all devices on the network.
 You want to use your powers for good, and that’s exactly what we do at Lytx. Our team is made up of hungry, humble, and capable people who are making a difference every day with technology that helps save lives each year.
 Lytx, Inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and maintains a drug-free workplace. We are committed to attracting, retaining and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. EOE/M/F/Disabled/Vet.Innovation Lives Here
 Why Lytx:
 You’ll Get To:
 Rapidly prototype, deploy, and test new solutions within our markets.
 Provide state-of-the-art user experiences across mobile and desktop solutions.
 Grow and build out your skills by participating in developing and operating scalable production services and user interface.
 Develop and test new solutions that enhance our position within our markets.
 Perform other duties as assigned.
 What You’ll Need:
 BS in Computer Science/Engineering, completion of a certified code camp or equivalent experience.
 Understanding of Agile processes.
 Experience in creating multi-platform UI using Angular 2+, preferred.
 Familiarity with development of REST services.
 SQL Database design and modeling experience.
 Experienced with object oriented design practices and patterns.
 Proficiency in C# or other objected-oriented languages.
 Ability to collaborate across numerous teams to achieve results.
 ___________
 Lytx is powered by cutting-edge technology and Happy People. |
34da9419e5c17888 |Software Development Engineer Test| - |East Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Amazon SageMaker Neo is an AWS service that enables machine learning models to train once and run anywhere. Neo automatically optimizes TensorFlow, MXNet, PyTorch, ONNX, and XGBoost models for deployment on ARM, Intel, and Nvidia processors. Neo uses open source projects including several machine learning compilers and a common runtime for all compiled models. 
 
We are looking for software developers who can help us build and maintain a robust, scalable test infrastructure for our products and services. 
 
 
 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Bachelor's in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent subject expertise in AI and deep learning Proven ability to lead software development teams through multiple releases of an enterprise software product or cloud service deployed in production Proven ability to design, develop, and deploy software in production as an individual contributor in an early-stage of product lifecycle Proven ability to influence the development trajectory of related but distinct software development efforts across multiple organizations Demonstrable experience developing and deploying models using at least one deep learning framework Must have experience with building tests or test infrastructure for large software systems Proven ability to drive feature development through multiple releases of an enterprise software product or cloud service deployed in production Proven ability to design, develop, and deploy software in production as an individual contributor in an early-stage of product lifecycle Proven ability to influence the development trajectory of related but distinct software development efforts across multiple organizations Demonstrable contributions to open source projects and communities through code, documentation, and technical evangelism Demonstrable understanding of the current features and limitations of popular deep learning frameworks|
02c7045a35bbc1ca |System Software Engineer| |Hash Technologies| |Sunnyvale, CA| |
 
 
 
 o Good Programming skills in C/C++ hardcore platform independent C++ programming , Linux Coding Experience.
 o DON’T want people who are very deep in embedded as he is looking for people who have worked at OS level to use OS services. People from networking domain (socket programming), storage (good understanding of filesystems) etcSystem Software Engineer -
 Sunnyvale, CA
 10 -15+ Years exp needed Technically Strong.
 NO OPT CPT pls.
 Mandatory Skills:
 C++ / C /Objective C
 Oops
 Linux Coding Experience
 Data structure Experience
 Must Have skills mentioned above 
 |
b695d620e3076346 |Audio Software Engineer| - |Menlo Park, CA| |Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
 
Facebook Reality Lab's mission is “To give people the tools to feel connected anytime, anywhere.” The teams working on augmented and virtual reality technologies at Facebook are on a mission to build the next computing platform centered around people. We continue to push the state of the art with groundbreaking research into emerging technologies and hardware that will help bring this vision to life. We are building a team focused on building new products that support this mission. We are looking for an audio engineer to develop audio driver, audio firmware or audio AOSP layer. The position requires strong C++ coding skills, experience with AOSP, DSP and audio engines.
 
 
 
 
 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.Analyze, design, develop and debug real time algorithms for embedded systems. 
Collaborate in a team environment across multiple scientific and engineering disciplines, making the architectural tradeoffs required to rapidly deliver software solutions. 
Develop software for a variety of consumer devices. 
Write clean readable code, debug complex problems, prioritize ruthlessly and get things done with a high level of efficiency. 
Learn constantly, dive into new areas with unfamiliar technologies, and embrace the ambiguity of problem solving. BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 
5+ years of experience in C++, including use of C++11 features. 
5+ years of experience creating audio software for games or other real time environments. 
Proven track record of software development experience, including shipping one or more products. 
Communication experience and demonstrated experience working across disciplines to drive optimal solutions.|
5ad0339243b1dc47 |Software Engineer| |Aware Healthcare| |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You are a developer with experience in Android and web development - soon to be known for building the “thermometer for the mind”: a system that encompasses (1) an Android app for passive data collection, (2) a web interface for displaying health data and managing app users, and (3) a well-architected infrastructure for processing all data in real-time. You understand developing on Android comes with unique challenges, and able to design solutions that are user-centric for all users. This means you are conscious about battery life, older android version compatibility, and offline solutions for when the user does not have a WiFi connection. Likewise, this means you are comfortable with updating Android user views and XML layouts for different screen form factors and dimensions. On the backend, you are capable of supporting new data streams as they are implemented in the frontend Android app; creating rudimentary visualizations/reports on those data streams; and adding features to our user-management web interface. Additionally, you are familiar with MVC Frameworks (Django/Flask experience preferred), relational databases and data infrastructure/pipelines in AWS. You can appreciate the sensitivity and confidentiality of users' health data, and therefore recognize how critical it is to handle this information in a secure fashion. To achieve this, you are familiar with encryption, hashing, salting and anonymization techniques. You take user trust incredibly seriously and are always proactive about protecting potentially confidential data. At Aware Healthcare you can expect much more than just a competitive hourly rate. Here are some of the many benefits you can expect as part of your Co-Op experience: Aware Healthcare is on a mission to build the “thermometer for the mind”: a digital medical device that delivers real-time measures of clinical risk to providers, about their patients, at the moments they need it most. The current gold-standard of evaluation in psychiatry are pen & paper surveys that provide subjective, episodic, high-burden, and clinic-based measures of risk. Our thermometer allows providers to check the ‘mental temperature' of their patients — in an objective, continuous, ecological, and passive fashion — at any time. With our thermometer, providers know who needs help, and when they need it. Not only does this shine light into the black box that currently defines life outside the clinic, but it allows providers to deliver just-in-time interventions to patients before it's too late. Trust in providers grows when patients know they're being looked out for. Population health flourishes when high-risk gets detected early. Per capita costs plummet when rates of readmission are reduced. Welcome to the triple-aim of healthcare. We envision a world where we all have the vocabulary to describe how we're mentally feeling; self-awareness to identify when we're heading down a dark path; and tools to get help in minutes not weeks. We can't manage what we don't measure, so we see no more important problem than this for technology in healthcare. We are starting with addiction for several reasons. For one, it seems we've all been affected by or lost friends and family who have struggled with this chronic disease. Two, addiction is the most costly, preventable, and unmanaged disease in America; costing our nation over $700 billion per year and leading to over 70 other comorbid medical conditions. Three, most digital health companies have run away from addiction, because they see the problem as ‘too hard'; the patients as ‘unmanageable'; the suffering as ‘inevitable'. With over 16% of Americans meeting criteria for clinical addiction, and another 32% classifying as risky users, we see this as too big of a problem to ignore. Join us in redefining what it means to know thyself, reconsidering how we measure population health, and revolutionizing the way we manage mental healthcare. Join us at Aware Healthcare. We're a small team looking for someone who's passionate about democratizing self-knowledge; relentless about getting help to those who need it most. You should be comfortable exploring outside your comfort zone; be ready to learn and constantly take on new challenges. You should be known by your colleagues for never compromising on quality, while always moving quickly. On our team, no one is expected to know everything, but everyone is expected to be capable of learning independently, and applying that knowledge effectively. This is a fast-paced role with many concurrent responsibilities, and it comes with a great deal of ownership. Chances are you will grow more in this role than any other role of your career. This idea should excite you, rather than scare you. Being on the Aware Healthcare team means you...Who You Are: Software Engineer (Co-Op) Job Overview Position: Software Engineer (Co-Op) 
Industry: Healthcare & Wellness 
Focus: Android Development, Web Development & Platform Infrastructure 
Commitment: 40 hours per week for 12 weeks 
Start Date: August 2020 
Location: Remote 
Experience: Junior-level (3+ months relevant experience) 
Compensation: Competitive hourly rate, plus additional benefits listed below Job Description Responsibilities Android Data Stream Collection 
Data Stream Processing 
Patient Management Web Interface 
Infrastructure, Security and DevOps Required Qualifications Proficient with Java and Python 
Familiar with Android, Python MVC, and Web Development (HTML/CSS/Javascript) 
Familiar with basic AWS Services such as EC2, RDS and S3 
Knowledgeable about software development best practices (using version control, testing, monitoring and deploying) 
Openness and willingness to learn. Preferred Qualifications Experienced with Java/Kotlin, Python and Web Development. 
Proficient with Android, Flask, Django, and Angular. 
Familiar with AWS Services such as Lambda, Kinesis and Sagemaker 
Familiar with CoreNLP and Machine Learning 
Knowledgeable about Data Security best practices. 
Experience with HIPAA compliant infrastructure Co-Op Program Benefits Early-stage startup experience: you'll get in on the ground floor of a new digital healthcare company and experience true innovation first-hand. 
Portfolio projects: you'll be given the freedom, trust, and resources you need to own projects from start to finish that directly impact people's lives. 
Summer case study: at the end of the program, we'll help you create/publish a case study showcasing your summer projects for future employers (here's an example (https://medium.com/the-mission/deconstructing-data-science-breaking-the-complex-craft-into-its-simplest-parts-15b15420df21)). 
Letter of recommendation: by the end of the summer, your direct supervisor will write a personal letter of recommendation for you to use in future job applications. 
Future job referrals: for months after your Co-Op, you'll have exclusive access to work opportunities that arise in our groups' 300+ company network. 
Professional mentorship: you'll receive direct training, guidance, and oversight from a supervisor who has 5+ years of experience in your chosen field of work. 
Networking opportunities: you'll meet and work alongside incredibly smart, driven, and resourceful teammates; build relationships that last your whole career. 
Real impact: you'll walk away from the summer with having positively influenced the trajectory of people in recovery, and tangible work products that prove it. Who We Are: Aware Healthcare Inc. Our Mission Our Vision Our Why How We Will Collaborate: Culture & Values Work Culture Team Values Take ownership: the buck stops at you; you are individually responsible. 
Are proactive: you take initiative; identify problems before they happen. 
Embrace risk: take courageous & calculated risks; no one gets banished for making mistakes. 
Are radically candid: you expect truth and nothing but the truth; give & take constructive criticism. 
Have a growth-mindset: we believe you can always be better & you should too; no one has ever ‘made it'. 
Are insatiably curious: you have a desire to understand the world that can never be fully satisfied. 
Practice humility: you don't know everything and you never will; embrace that and learn. 
Focus on humans: always feel into the human experience at the other end of the machine. 
Are playful: you work hard, laugh hard, and crack jokes in meetings. 
Think slow: you choose careful deliberation over brash decisions.|
30a87f4911259ad3 |Engineer 3, Software Development & Engineering 2169| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94089| |Business Unit:
 
TITLE: Engineer 3, Software Development & Engineering
 DUTIES: Contribute to a team responsible for developing and maintaining software platforms for software-based network services and service/cloud orchestration platforms for overlay services targeting enterprise, small, and medium-sized businesses, and residential markets; build, enhance, and support service and network orchestration platforms that integrate into operations and business support (OSS/BSS) systems, for cloud-native, virtual, and physical network functions; develop distributed cloud-based applications, data structures, and algorithms through the full software development lifecycle (SDLC) using Java, Python, AWS/Azure cloud, and Agile software development methodologies; define, design, test, and implement REST/WEB APIs; design and develop software code modules, algorithms, and adaptors for managing Software Defined Wide Area Network (SDWAN), Wifi, Voice, and Virtual Service Gateways-based services; utilize AWS tools; build software applications that run on AWS and distributed cloud-based applications; develop low latency/high throughput server infrastructure components to handle a large transaction volume; analyze, test, and assist with the integration of new applications; collaborate with project stakeholders to identify product and technical requirements; conduct analysis to determine integration needs; implement unit and system tests of software code modules in order to deliver high quality solutions that scales to accommodate a large customer base; perform system integration and debug software by troubleshooting software components of the platform solution; and collaborate with the Quality Assurance team to determine if software fits specifications and technical requirements.
 REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field; and two (2) years of experience developing software applications, data structures, and algorithms through the full software development lifecycle using Java/Python and Agile software development methodologies; and designing and implementing REST/WEB APIs, of which six (6) months includes utilizing AWS or Azure cloud tools; and building software applications that run on distributed cloud-based applications and AWS or Azure. 
 Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer|
1eb0ad3e624de9ba |Junior Engineer DevOps| - |San Jose, CA 95131| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon. HMI, a wholly owned subsidiary of ASML,is looking for an Engineer for a role in a recently formed DevOps Team at Hermes Microvision Inc. The Engineer will work in a Development Operations Team (DevOps), Continuously improving on the 7 main topics within DevOps, Code, Build, Test, Package, Release, Configure, Monitor. A successful candidate will be expected to work in a team tasked with providing an infrastructure capable of delivering products of the highest quality for our software developers and test engineers. The candidate should have experience in implementing automation and development using the following tools and methodologies: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or related fields A successful candidate is expected to work with other DevOps engineers in the following day-to-day activities: 
To maintain the health of the server infrastructure to include:
 This position primarily works in an office environment. It requires frequent sitting, standing and walking. Daily use of a computer is required. May stand for extended periods when facilitating meetings. The physical demands of the position described herein are essential functions of the job and employees must be able to successfully perform these tasks for extended periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made for those individuals with real or perceived disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job described. 
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/DisabilityIntroduction Job Mission Job Description Experience in the DevOps ways of working – preferably centered on Atlassian Tooling - to provide infrastructures with a high level of integration between ticketing systems (Atlassian JIRA), continuous integration systems (Atlassian Bamboo), documentation and knowledge sharing systems (Atlassian Confluence) and version control systems (Atlassian Bitbucket).
 Participate in a team charged with the provision of automated tooling to facilitate the creation of highest quality production code, also called infrastructure as code. To include continuous integration plans that continually measure and report code quality in terms of style, correctness and conformance to HMI coding standards guidelines(sonarqube). Experienced in implementation of build breakage avoidance tooling to include mandated code review and pre-qualify new software deliveries using TRYBUILD methodologies Experience in the design of robust and maintainable build and deployment plansfor a range of HMI products. Be a champion and mentor for an “Agile” way of working. Display a willingness/ability to participate in a SCRUM team to continuously deliver improvements in all areas of Development Operations. Education Experience Development work to improve DevOps automation Prepare and maintain build and deployment plans for both QA (Quality Assurance), RC (Release Candidate) and Final release builds for a range of HMI software products. Build servers Service nodes for tooling Test infrastructure servers - compute clusters (HPC) - Simulators Personal skills Solid communication skills in verbal and written English Strong understanding of SCM branching strategies and the use of git/bitbucket. Strong UNIX skills – preferable Linux Strong Windows skills – preferable Windows Server, Windows 7/10 Experience with Release Engineering processes and software development cycles Integration experience preferred Python programming is a plus C# programming is a plus Experience in OO programming is a plus Context of the position Other information|
c64b271106d7178c |Software Engineer - VMWare / Nunatix| |Rubrik Job Board| |Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

VMWare is one of the most widely used data protection services from Rubrik. You and the team's work will make a huge impact for our customers and for Rubrik. 
Our team builds products to protect Rubrik customers' deployment of Vmware and Nutanix in data centers and in the cloud. We make it easier for customers to protect their deployment and faster to recover from unforeseen events. Our engineers are self-starters, driven, and proactive. We provide opportunities for personal growth and support for professional development. Our goal is to motivate and challenge you to do your best work. 
As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for: 
 
 
 
You are passionate about working with complex distributed systems that serve business and enterprise customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rubrik is one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley, revolutionizing data protection and management in the emerging multi-cloud world. We are the leader in cloud data management, delivering a single platform to manage and protect data in the cloud, at the edge, and on-premises. Enterprises choose Rubrik to simplify backup and recovery, accelerate cloud adoption, enable automation at scale, and secure against cyberthreats. Rubrik has raised over $553 million in venture funding, most recently at a valuation of $3.3 billion. We've been recognized as a Forbes Cloud 100 Company two years in a row and as a LinkedIn Top 10 startup. 
#LI-EH1ABOUT THE TEAM 
ABOUT THE JOB Full stack ownership including design, implementation, and testing of new features protecting customers' virtual machine deployment in data centers and in the cloud Troubleshooting issues experienced by customers or internal product test, and providing remedic solutions Analyzing field and internal data, and develop product improvement
 ABOUT YOU BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or in any related field 3-6 years of product development experience Ability to identify scalable and elegant solutions to complex problems Strong interest and ability to learn new technologies Proficient in Python, and either C++, Java, or Scala Full stack development experience is a plus Large distributed systems design and development experience is preferred Experience with popular workload such as Virtual Machines is a bonus ABOUT RUBRIK 
Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.|
d9e2f1a3bf50b343 |Software Engineer, Frontend - University Graduate, 2021| Verkada |San Mateo, CA 94401| |
 
 

 

At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well. 
 
We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a startup culture working alongside teammates to launch products that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various teams including backend/infrastructure, mobile, firmware, or frontend/UI. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software enabling our best-in-class security systems. 
Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). 
Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.About Verkada The Role About our team|
0c21a2c8f230208f |Systems Software Engineer, Brain-Computer Interface Team| - |Menlo Park, CA| |Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
 
Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) is dedicated to research and development required to deliver Facebook’s vision of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) experiences that ship in five to ten years. FRL’s Brain Computer Interface, or BCI, team is developing a non-invasive system to enable anyone to use their brain to interact with devices. As a Systems Software Engineer, you will work with a multidisciplinary team of engineers and researchers. You will be responsible to bring-up and integrate cutting edge hardware that implements neural interface technologies.
 
 
 
 
 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.Work at all levels of the software stack, from device drivers and operating system to high-level application, to integrate a variety of hardware devices 
Collaborate closely with the multidisciplinary team (hardware and software) to build embedded systems prototypes 
Develop robust processes for validating hardware and system integration BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field 
Knowledge of operating systems concepts 
Experience writing software at all levels of the stack, from device driver to high level APIs 
Experience with board bring-up and systems debugging 
Experience developing and debugging on a microcontroller, embedded Linux or Arduino board 
Experience in the following programming languages: C++, Python 
Experience with multithreading and concurrency|
6b6d4d9b4b54119f |Software Engineer, Fullstack| - |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 Job Description 
 Qualifications 
 
Additional Information 
 

Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. 
As a full-stack engineer on the (Service) Continuous Deployment team, you’ll build tools to accelerate software delivery of backend services at Twitter. 
Our in-house CD platform serves hundreds of internal customers running the thousands of services that make up our product. The tooling you will own will be a key part of Twitter's migration to Kubernetes and Docker and our overall hybrid cloud strategy. Our goal is to free up engineers from the burden of configuring and maintaining Continuous Deployment pipelines, so they can focus on adding value to Twitter's users. 
You’ll work directly with both internal customers and peers from other Platform teams on many kinds of projects and technologies that help engineers ship code changes to production: 
The Service Continuous Deployment team develops and operates the infrastructure that Twitter developers use to orchestrate their production software delivery pipelines. We have a passion for product development and our tooling has consistently polled as some of the most popular developer tooling inside Twitter. We value work-life balance and have a strong social culture on the team. Our team is relatively new and we are currently looking for folks of all experience levels to help us achieve our mission. We would be delighted to invest in candidates with that rare combination of software engineering and UX design interests. 
We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.
Design opinionated but flexible products that make it easy for service owners to adhere to Continuous Deployment best practices 
Craft tools, processes and frameworks to guide colleagues through safely releasing production code 
Guide and support colleagues who are deploying distributed systems 
Implement software in a reliable and sustainable manner 
Support and maintain your software to ensure a high quality customer experience 
Collaborate with, learn from, and mentor teammates 
B.S.+ in Computer Science or related discipline (or equivalent experience) 
Interest in product development, experience with UX design is a huge bonus 
2+ years of experience with user interfaces, distributed systems, and asynchronous programming 
You’ve built and operated full-stack applications, from JS to DB 
Model of software engineering best practices, including agile development, unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, debugging, and troubleshooting 
Previous experience with React.js or demonstrated ability to learn new programming 
Growth mindset and a desire to learn, teach, and mentor|
2c99af2a20cb03dc |Embedded Sensor Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Apple is well known for its innovative products and its pure dedication to customer-oriented features that “just work”. Behind its success, Apple amasses top engineering talents to develop world-class hardware and software solutions that work amazingly well together.
At the heart of Apple’s Software organization, the Core OS team is responsible for the design and development of core technologies that are deployed across all Apple product areas including the iPhone, iPad, Watch, MacBook, iMac, and Apple TV (Yes, that’s pretty much everything!). One such fast growing technology is Sensor, which adds the notion of senses to an array of already highly intelligent devices. We are looking for top embedded software engineers in this area.|
31778eab3aedd6be |Software Engineer| Vehicle.Software |Palo Alto, CA| |vehicle.software is creating a new infotainment platform to redefine the in-car experience. We are focused on bringing excellent user experience to electric vehicles: beautiful visualizations, deep integration of connected services, and continuous improvements via regular software updates. Over the last decade, our team led development of Tesla's award-winning car software, widely adopted smartphone system software, and more. We are based in Palo Alto, California, and our customers are established car companies all over the world.
 
 
We are using Rust to deliver exceptionally stable and secure software, and we are hiring engineers to help create this software. As a vehicle.software engineer, your responsibilities will include
 Requirements:
 vehicle.software offers outstanding equity and comprehensive benefits, including health, dental, and vision insurance; unlimited paid time off; and a 401(k) program. 
 
For more information, or to apply, reach out via email at careers@vehicle.software.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Collaborating with our product and design teams to implement new features and new functionality. Crafting new features and functionality from the ground up. Because we're small, you will have impact across our whole product, from real-time visualizations and media players, through cloud services and mobile apps. Defining new processes to ensure an efficient engineering organization and a high-quality software product. 10+ years developing software professionally. Experience engineering superb user interface software and working on cross-functional teams. In-depth knowledge of Linux-based systems. Rust familiarity is a bonus, but not required. Comprehensive experience with native code and toolchains is required. Curiosity to learn new technologies and apply new techniques to challenging problems. A burning passion to ensure that next-generation electric vehicles have infotainment systems that set a new standard for performance, stability, and functionality.|
15542fd4ff0ffd18 |Firmware Validation Engineer - Software Engineer in Test, Body Controls| - |Palo Alto, CA| |

As a firmware developer in test on the body controls and thermal firmware team, you will be responsible for ensuring the accurate testing and coverage reporting of embedded code running on Tesla vehicle products. In addition, the role includes designing and maintaining embedded hardware and software test environments that simulate real world system interactions and report automated results on a regular basis. Come join a team of deeply knowledgeable engineers that strive to build the most robust and reliable embedded systems using cutting edge software development tools and practices. 
 
 
The Role 
Responsibilities Writing code and developing scenarios to test coverage of component requirements using hardware and software in the loop testing environments using Python
 Maintaining a suite of regression tests to ensure software functionality for each release of vehicle software
 Communicating with developers, mechanical and electrical engineers to proactively identify problems and gaps in test coverage and documentation
 Creating and updating tests for new features and technology
 Qualifying each release of vehicle software for deployment to customer vehicles
 Developing clear and concise test reports
 Maintaining automated test infrastructure
 Required BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or Mechatronics (with software engineering background)
 1+ year of relevant experience
 Ability to understand, test, and troubleshoot complicated system interactions
 Programming language experience with Python and/or C
 Ability to use programming languages to implement complex data structures and algorithms
 Experience developing tests with reusable code
 Ability to drive problems to solutions across different groups in the company
 Ability to develop test guidelines from specifications
 Strong physics, thermal, and/or mechanical understanding
 Experience shipping customer facing software and hardware is a plus
 Experience using embedded data acquisition tools (National Instruments, Kvaser, PEAK-System) is a plus
 Understanding of revision control software (SVN, GIT, etc) is a plus
 Experience working in a safety-critical automotive environment is a plus 
 Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
e324ae92432aebbc |Software Engineer| |Avellino Lab| |Menlo Park, CA 94025| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avellino Lab USA, Inc. is a pre-IPO world leader in genetic diagnostics and gene therapy research. Avellino developed the first commercially available genetic test for corneal dystrophy (a degenerative eye condition), providing a fast and accurate test to help guide physicians in treating their patients to prevent or delay vision loss. Avellino continues to innovate and has developed a next-generation sequencing (NGS) test for keratoconus. In addition to the diagnosis of these progressive eye diseases, Avellino is also developing state-of-the-art siRNA and CRISPR gene editing programs for corneal dystrophies and for treatment technologies that can be applied to other diseases beyond ophthalmology. Avellino Labs operates globally and has been recognized for its work, including being named a Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum.
 Avellino has a newly developed, FDA-validated coronavirus diagnostic test –the Avellino SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 Test (AvellinoCoV2 Test) – a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) that uses Real-Time Reverse Transcriptase RT-qPCR for the presumptive in vitro qualitative detection of nucleic acid from the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Avellino is ramping up operations in order to meet the worldwide need for SARS-CoV-2 testing. 
Avellino seeks an experienced software engineer who will be involved in architecting, developing, testing, and integrating different software platforms, including front end digital entry, management of customer inputted information, processing of laboratory tests, and reporting of results back to customers and to public health agencies. This candidate will also provide in-house and external support to customers as needed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This job operates in a professional office environment and a clinical lab environment. 
Working Conditions:
 Must be able to regularly sit, speak and hear, and perform climbing, standing, stooping, twisting, lifting, and other physical movements to perform job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to protect essential functions.Company Summary
 
Position Summary 
Primary Duties & Responsibilities Develop, maintain, and support various company software, including Avellino’s customer-facing Web Application for patient test administration. Develop, maintain, support, and integrate software as needed for the internal laboratory information management system (LIMS).
 Work in a team environment, including with third-party vendors, to develop, maintain, and support software as well as LIMS. Program and debug in various programming languages, including Python and Java. Work with IT for software development, deployment, and support. Provide on-site, in-house IT support. Perform other tasks as may be assigned. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or related field) or its equivalence in job experience.
 3-6 years in software or data science engineering.
 Understanding of functional software tests, regression testing, automated test (functional and regression) with platforms that are codeless and support scripting/programming Working knowledge of installing, configuring, and troubleshooting software products for external and internal customers.
 Preferred Experiences Experience in the biotech/life sciences industry.
 Experience with AWS cloud environments.
 Competencies Self-motivated, energetic, organized, and results oriented with a team mentality Ability to multitask and prioritize competing deadlines Problem solving, decision-making and scientific learning Strong written and oral communication skills Assertive and respectful personality with a high level of social skills in order to deal effectively and persuasively with a team
 Ability to work under general direction and independently determine approach to solutions or seek clarification. Work Environment:|
d9b6c94a4ee6c5c7 |Software Development Engineer Tooling| SmartThings |Mountain View, CA| |
 

Did your things make you go “wow” today? At SmartThings, we are dedicated to making every home a Smart Home - and as the IoT platform of Samsung, with millions of users and connected devices, we are well on our way. We strive to create an easy-to-use, secure, and above all intelligent IoT solution for the home that delights our customers. Our fun, intelligent, and creative teams need your help to make our things a little more connected, and a lot smarter. 
The Automation Foundation team develops tooling for automated testing and Continuous Delivery of the SmartThings IoT Cloud platform, devices and mobile applications. Our goal is to provide a seamless testing experience that helps development teams iterate in their daily workflow and helps validation engineers generate insight for release and sign-off criteria. We are looking for an engineer with experience in software tooling at scale.|
ccc3b983ebf97d19 |Software Engineer| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94086| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Description 
Joining Intuitive Surgical means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and 
decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications 

You’ll play a key role on the Systems Manufacturing Test Engineering team to support the manufacturing of surgical robots. You will develop the manufacturing test and diagnostic software that assures the performance and safety of robot subsystems. This position will specialize in support of the calibration and test of vision-related components including camera controllers, light sources and optics. The position will require close collaboration with product development teams, systems analysts, electrical test fixture engineers, manufacturing engineers, and quality engineers to build a test strategy and develop software. You may qualify for a Senior Software Engineer level with sufficient experience. 
Mandatory Skills / Job Requirements: BSEE, BSME, Controls, Software Engineering or similar 
5+ years of experience in hardware-oriented software development 
Experience with design and development of user interfaces 
Expert in object-oriented Python 
Demonstrated technical leadership 
Entrepreneurial spirit
 Drives projects to completion 
Strong problem solving skills 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
Intellectually curious and passionate 
High emotional intelligence and solid people skills Preferred: Vision systems, machine vision, inspection, camera quality, image processing, optics 
Familiarity with C#, Matlab, SQL database 
Web application development including HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Flask, React, etc. 
Web technologies such as RESTful APIs, JSON, sockets 
Automated product or software testing 
Experience in medical device manufacturing or regulated engineering environment 
Experience working in a product manufacturing environment
 Experience developing robotic or electro-mechanical systems, including control systems and mechatronics 
We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. 
We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws.
Primary Function: Roles and Responsibilities: Take ownership of vision-related manufacturing test fixtures, software and test system quality 
Develop a deep technical understanding of product operation, control and testing algorithms 
Design, document, and qualify test systems and software for use in manufacturing new robot subsystems 
Work independently to overcome roadblocks with minimum guidance 
Troubleshoot production line issues 
Improve the manufacturing test capability through new technology, software and analytics|
36d12169533d23f6 |Software Engineer, Backend - Charging| - |Palo Alto, CA| |The Rivian Digital Commerce Team develops and manages the revenue generating digital properties which link consumers to physical services. We are developing a world-class e-commerce platform that will make learning about and purchasing electric adventure vehicles intuitive, seamless and fun. To that end, we are creating a Vehicle Charging Squad focused on managing our our charging infrastructure. We are seeking highly passionate and customer focused   to be part of this platform journey. She/He will be have an opportunity to design and build a highly decoupled charging micro-services system. ** ** Department: Digital Commerce Location: Palo Alto ** Rivian is on a mission to keep the world adventurous forever. This goes for the emissions-free Electric Adventure Vehicles we build, and the curious, courageous souls we seek to attract. As a company, we constantly challenge what’s possible, never simply accepting what has always been done. We reframe old problems, seek new solutions and operate comfortably in areas that are unknown. Our backgrounds are diverse, but our team shares a love of the outdoors and a desire to protect it for future generations. We operate development centers in Plymouth, MI, Irvine, San Jose, Palo Alto CA, and Surrey, England, as well as a manufacturing facility in Normal, Illinois. Rivian is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Rivian is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Rivian are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Rivian will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Rivian encourages applicants of all ages. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Work authorization: Application Question: Work Location: Company's website: Company's Facebook page: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Software Backend Engineer(s) THIS IS WHAT YOU’LL DO:  Partner closely with Product to provide solutions and recommendations – you are able to drive ambiguity out of requirements and articulate the broadly applicable solutions. Design, extend and review software architecture – be hands on and involved with every stage of product development life cycle. Develop state of the art code – influence/establish the software development culture of the team. Establish standards and best practice for software engineering. THIS IS WHAT YOU’LL NEED:  2+ years of relevant industry experience, with 5+ years of building large scale enterprise grade systems. Experience building micro-services at scale which can handle millions of transactions/second in cloud environment – AWS/GCP/AZURE Meticulous around visibility of the systems you build – centralized logging, tracking Experience developing API’s with the care they deserve – REST with OpenAPI, Swagger In-depth knowledge of Web protocols, experience with AWS, Java/Kotlin/Spring-Boot/Python, Kubernates, Kafka and related tools like Jenkins, CI/CD, BitBucket Strong computer science foundation including data structures, algorithms and design patterns with a proven track record of software design Experience and familiarity with cloud native deployment practices – specifically containers and container orchestration platforms Knowledge of OCPP, OCPI, and ISO 15118 Plug & Charge standards highly desired THIS IS WHERE YOU’LL WORK:  RIVIAN DESCRIPTION:  401(k) Dental Insurance Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Relocation Assistance Vision Insurance Monday to Friday AWS: 3 years (Required) Java: 3 years (Required) Springboot: 3 years (Required) United States (Required) Will you ever require Visa sponsorship from Rivian now or in the future? One location https://rivian.com/ https://www.facebook.com/rivianofficial Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
7e1b6498f42f1d73 |Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States-California-Santa Clara- 
 
Verb Surgical Inc. (6270) 
 
R&D 
 
0123200811Robotics & Digital Solutions, a part of Ethicon, Inc. is recruiting for a Software Engineer. This position is located in Santa Clara, California. 
 
Robotics & Digital Solutions is part of Ethicon, Inc., a global leader in surgery with products and solutions found in almost every operating room around the world. Ethicon has made significant contributions to surgery for more than 100 years from creating the first sutures, to revolutionizing surgery with minimally invasive procedures. Our continuing dedication to Shape the Future of Surgery is built on our commitment to help address the world's most pressing health care issues and improve and save more lives. Through Ethicon's surgical technologies and solutions including robotics, digital solutions, sutures, staplers, energy devices, trocars and hemostats and our commitment to treat serious medical conditions like obesity and cancer worldwide, we deliver innovation to make a life-changing impact. For more information, visit www.ethicon.com. The Digital Solutions group is building advanced technologies to improve healthcare, and we are looking for a Software Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have both full stack software development and C++ programming experience. This individual will be responsible for the design and implementation of software solutions, as an active participant in all phases of the software development lifecycle. 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
Primary Location Organization Job Function Requisition IDKey Responsibilities: Use standard methodologies for building software under Design Control procedures for use in a medical device. Efficiently translate requirements into application features and document architecture and designs decisions. Design, develop and debug software for complex, multi-process systems. Design and implement client-side, server-side and database software. Design and implement interfaces for data exchange with other systems. A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering (or similar degree) is required.
 A minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience in Software Development is required.
 Experience with C/C++ software development in Linux/Unix environment is required. Experience writing multi-process and multi-threaded software is required. Experience with front end languages is required. Such as; HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Understanding of JavaScript frameworks is required. Such as; AngularJs, React and Node.js Experience with server-side languages is required. Such as; Python, Ruby, and PHP Familiarity with database technology is required. Such as; MySQL and Postgres This role may require up to 10% travel.
 Preferred: Experience developing medical device software
|
55d9e13bd4284403 |Full-Stack Software Engineer| walrus.ai |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
walrus.ai is a new approach to testing and ensuring confidence in complex web applications. Through a combination of human intelligence and computer execution, we offer quick and reliable monitoring and testing from simple, plain-English instructions. As part of the engineering team, you will: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We believe in empowering and delighting our customers. The biggest part of that is listening to them, when they’re happy, and when they’re frustrated. Before making any hard decision, listen to different points of view, collect as much insight as possible, and move forward with conviction. Don’t bring the ego in the building. 
 
 
 Failure is embraced, as long as you learn something from it. 
We believe in curiosity, and first-principles reasoning. All ideas are welcome, and debate is embraced. We aim for clarity of thought, and collecting diverse points of view, from our team, and our customers. 
 
 
 Whether cooking, writing a book or managing your workload, boiling ideas down to their essence, and bringing elegant simplicity to complex systems are the backbones of operational excellence. 
Building a team with diverse experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives is the only way we will ever achieve our most ambitious goals. Actions stem from principles, and our commitment to building a diverse team influences walrus.ai at every level of the company, from how we hire, to how we conduct meetings.   
 
 
 
 
Why this role? : At walrus.ai, we're building tools that eliminate the tedium and pain of building reliable applications. You are your own customer.  Anything written in code can use testing, and we want to be the market-leading solution for reliability  By joining walrus.ai in the earliest stages, you'll fundamentally impact how we grow. You'll get to talk to customers, close deals, hire team members, ship code, and see your work adopted by the world's leading technology companies. And have a blast doing it. About this role Work closely with the rest of the team (engineering, product, design) to define and implement new features from start to finish, with clean and well-tested code (dev-ops, server, client). Build, maintain, and continuously improve our internal automation tooling to ensure quick and reliable test results for our clients. Build and maintain infrastructure and monitoring such that our clients are consistently having the best possible experience. This might be a fit for you if... You have experience building and maintaining software used by consumers or businesses You are proficient in front-end technologies You understand, and care deeply about the ramifications of the code you write, on the customer, and on the business You are comfortable with the ambiguity and pace of iteration of an early-stage startup You are resourceful and will do whatever it takes to deliver delightful customer experiences. Core Values 
Listen First 
Always learn “One who carries a cat by the tail learns something one can learn in no other way.” 
Keep it simple “Stock is the backbone of good cooking, just roast some bones, roast some vegetables, put them in a big pot with water, and reduce and reduce and reduce.” 
Our commitment to diversity 
Benefits:  $1000 to deck out your home office!  for new parents  schedule:take time when you need it  Mandatory day off every quarter to do what you want, on usBuild a product that you would genuinely love to use Solve technical challenges that have the potential to help every developer in the world: Build a company from the ground up: 
— Mark Twain 
— Anthony Bourdain WFH Subsidy:  Health, dental, and vision insurance  Flexible parental leave  Flexible time off  for physical or mental wellbeing  "Treat yourself" days:|
d1027f1c95b87d3c |Full Stack Software Engineer| - |San Jose, CA| |Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.
 What You’ll Do
 The modern world runs on the Internet, and the Internet cannot exist without its underlying infrastructure. CX makes setting up, managing, and maintaining that infrastructure easier than it has ever been before.
 As a Full Stack Engineer on the CX Engineering & Product Incubation organization, within the Insights & Engineering Rapid Response Team, you will help design, prototype, and build features for CX Cloud. From CX Cloud our customers can control their entire technology stack: access points, switches, firewalls, client devices, cameras, and more. You will work across the stack with directly with customers, other developers, UX designers, and product management to build and improve the web application. Customer Experience engineers put the customer experience first, and are empowered to make impactful decisions.
 We believe that the quality of our product is dependent on the quality of our engineers. We place a high value on nurturing the growth and development of everyone on our team. We foster an open and supportive workplace where everybody is given the opportunity to succeed. Who You’ll Work With
 You will work cross functionally with CX Engineering, collaborating with multiple teams and developing best in class solutions. As the needs of Cisco’s top customers and partners are constantly evolving, we’ll work directly with their engineering teams to understand needs, and rapidly design, prototype, and deploy solutions.
 The Insights & Engineering Rapid Response Team is focused on solving tough problems that directly impact customers and increase value proposition. This in turn drives improvements in recurring revenue, cost savings and sales effectiveness for Cisco and its partners. Who You Are
 
 
Build minimal viable prototypes to demonstrate business case with and for customers Implement testing mechanisms to ensure reliability
 Improve performance and efficiency of our backend, allowing us to handle increasingly large datasets with minimal delay Build internal frameworks and refine front end infrastructure
 
 
You have a technical degree or equivalent experience with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of computer science
 You strive to build rich and dynamic web applications with front-end frameworks such as React, Redux, Ember, or Angular
 You are familiar with programming languages and web frameworks like Java (Springboot), Golang, Python (Django, Flask), or Node.js (Express) You have worked with SQL and relational Databases
 You would flourish within a small engineering team and are excited to tackle open-ended problems
 Startup experience, early stage web app development, agile software development We Are Cisco
 #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.
 We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!
 But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool.Example projects of a Full Stack Web Developer: You are an outstanding applicant if:|
26677b998ce7c051 |Software Engineer - Mapping| - |Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Bringing self-driving vehicles to our roads is the most transformative opportunity of our generation. Aurora is taking a fresh start with the development of self-driving technology, combining excellence in AI, rigorous engineering, and a team with decades of experience building robots that work. 
Led by a team of seasoned experts, our mission is to deliver the benefits of self-driving technology safely, quickly, and broadly. We are designing the software and hardware to power the transportation of our future that will make our roads safer, give more people access to mobility, and reduce congestion and pollution in cities - improving the quality of life for all. The challenge in what we are endeavoring to achieve is transcendent; we are developing perhaps the world's most complex computing system and asking it to perform the task of transporting and keeping safe our most precious asset: human life. 
Aurora hires people who are excited to build the future of transportation. We are searching for Software Engineers to architect, design, and develop our core mapping algorithms, data-structures and tools that enable autonomous operation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our work has real purpose. Delivering the benefits of self-driving will save lives around the world, expand access to transportation, revitalize cities, and give people time back every day. 
We're one team. We're inspired by the challenge of what we're solving and the impact our work will have on society. Our camaraderie is built on respect for our work and the fundamental belief our success will be a result of working together. 
Aurora has assembled the most experienced leadership team in the space. Chris Urmson helped lead Carnegie Mellon's efforts in Darpa's Grand Challenges, then was a founding member of Google's self-driving team. Sterling Anderson developed MIT'S Intelligent CoPilot, then led the team that delivered Tesla Autopilot. Drew Bagnell, also a Carnegie Mellon alum, is a machine learning expert who helped build Uber's autonomy effort. At Aurora, these three continue to bring experts from all areas of the industry to the team. We are funded by Amazon, T Rowe Price, and some of Silicon Valley's best venture capital firms, including Sequoia, Greylock and Index Ventures.Aurora Overview 
Responsibilities Define our mapping architecture and approach Develop ML algorithms that detect physical features in the world Develop algorithms that automatically create maps as well as aid human operators in creating maps Develop data structures that enable efficient queries about static parts of the driving environment Essential BS/MS or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, or a related field Experience in machine learning and computer vision Experience building and deploying ML pipelines Excellent C++ programming and software design skills Experience with perception sensors including LIDAR and cameras Desirable Expertise in the design of very large adaptive data structures and familiarity with mapping and localization Experience with 3D graphics Experience with linear algebra and 3D geometry Experience with UI workflows and computer aided workflows in particular Working at Aurora 
The Founding Team|
da9d67c2509c2cd3 |Software Engineer - Linux| - |San Francisco, CA 94111| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
San Francisco, CA, US
 
Remote
 
Joyent, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung, is the open cloud company. Joyent has been a pioneer and innovator in the cloud computing industry for over 15 years.. We now develop software that powers Samsung’s internal cloud, in addition to continuing our existing enterprise cloud business. 
We are a team of software engineers of various technical backgrounds and at various stages in our careers. We value diverse viewpoints and have a culture built on respect, creativity, and collaboration. We value self-motivation and self-learning; we are proactive in our actions and always eager to know more. We have a strong tradition of mentorship and are always enthusiastic to share knowledge and expertise. 
Our position within the Samsung organization provides us with the opportunity to build software at a scale rarely seen in the industry. At the same time, we are a small company and offer a personal and close-knit work environment. Joyent employees are thus uniquely positioned to meaningfully contribute to technology deployed on a global scale and play an important role in Samsung’s continued innovation in the cloud industry. 
1 position - senior level preferred 1 position - junior level preferred 
We are looking for linux experts who love to solve scalability problems—software engineers who have a strong technical background in linux internals, scheduling, memory allocation, and EXT/XFS file systems in distributed, collocated, and remote environments. Engineers at Joyent play many roles and we value a willingness to learn new skills quickly. 
You will focus on linux issues within Joyent’s Storage Team. We have a large storage service at worldwide scale. As such, you should have practical experience with the many concerns that arise with individual machines, as well as the management of thousands of machines distributed among multiple datacenters around the world. You will design and implement algorithms for complex storage systems, bringing your linux expertise to the table and help the team integrate existing open-source solutions with Joyent’s software. 
 
 
 
 
Joyent is remote-friendly (US, Canada, EU, South Korea) and has a highly distributed engineering team. We are currently entirely remote due to the COVID-19 outbreak, but in normal times a few engineers prefer being physically present in our San Francisco office. We are seeking candidates who would like to work in the San Francisco area, New York City area, or remotely, and who can travel at least twice a year to meet with other members of the engineering team. 
We are a growing company that appreciates the value of talent in terms of things both big (we offer highly competitive salary and excellent benefits) and small (gym dues are on the house)The Company 
The Team and Our Values 
Our Unique Position 
Your Role 
Desired Experience and Skills A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field. A graduate degree is a plus. 
 
 Experience in a remote work environment with multiple time zones is a plus. Participation in the open-source community is a plus. 
 Locations 
Compensation
At least one year of professional work experience for the junior level, and five years for the senior level. 
 
 
 Expertise in some (but not all) of the following areas: 
 
 
 
 
 Strong communication skills: 
 
|
87828f7be37438da |Jr. Java Developer| |Apex Consulting Services| |Fremont, CA| |B.S or M.S in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or related field. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Pay: $70,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year Education: Work authorization: Work Remotely:Experience in Coding using Java, C++, or Python. Strong fundamentals in Core java and data structures Knowledge in front end technologies like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Knowledge with databases like MySql, Oracle. Experience with unit testing, release procedures, and coding design. Experience with Frameworks like Spring, Hibernate and REST will be plus Ability to create manual test cases. Familiar with Eclipse, Tomcat and version control tools like SVN or GIT Flexible team player and should have a desire to learn and grow. Ability to manage tasks independently and take ownership of responsibilities. Excellent communication skills and ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Perform bug fixes of various modules applications that were raised by the testing team. Involve in debugging the defects, code review, and analysis of Performance issues. Use Splunk for performance monitoring and system exceptions. Visa Eligibilities: OPT, CPT, H1B, EAD (GC/ H4/ L2), USC, GC Job Requirements:  Master's (Preferred) United States (Preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19|
9a8a2ab204bb6228 |Flink Software Engineer| |Epro Infosystems, LLC| |Fremont, CA 94536| |
Seeking a Flink Software Engineer for a 3-4 month 100% remote contract position, with probability of extension. 
Location: SFO, CA 
Required Skills: 
Hands-on experience working with Apache Flink. Experience writing Java and/or Ruby. Kafka experience is a plus. Excellent communication skills.|
03bddfd9fa2cb0d5 |Software Engineer| |Mission Microwave Technologies| |Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670| |- Work involves communicating with embedded systems by use of exposed APIs; experience is required authoring code to communicate with external hardware devices. - Microsoft's Visual Studio with C# and Visual Basic -Python with several different development suites - Typical web development languages like HTML and CGI - Knowledge and experience with Linux - Experience with LabView is preferred - Must have BS in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering Great place to work with awesome benefits. Need someone asap. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $28.00 - $30.00 per hour Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Work Location: Relocation Assistance Provided: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Job Is: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday Weekends software engineering: 2 years (Preferred) Software Embedded: 2 years (Required) Bachelor's (Required) United States (Required) One location Multiple locations No No: Not providing sponsorship for this job A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education Mission Microwave Technologies Only full-time employees eligible No|
1e91950a3a67d270 |Software Engineer, Embedded Systems - University Graduate, 2021| Verkada |San Mateo, CA 94401| |
 
 

 

At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well. 
 
We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a startup culture working alongside teammates to launch products that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various teams including backend/infrastructure, mobile, or frontend/UI. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software enabling our best-in-class security systems. 
Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). 
Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.About Verkada The Role About our team|
a8022c3784045dba |Software Engineer (Frontend), Buyer Payment Experiences| - |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 
Square builds common business tools in unconventional ways so more people can start, run, and grow their businesses. When Square started, it was difficult and expensive (or just plain impossible) for some businesses to take credit cards. Square made credit card payments possible for all by turning a mobile phone into a credit card reader. Since then Square has been building an entire business toolkit of both hardware and software products including Square Capital, Square Terminal, Square Payroll, and more. We’re working to find new and better ways to help businesses succeed on their own terms—and we’re looking for people like you to help shape tomorrow at Square. Job Description 
 Qualifications 
 
Additional Information 
 
At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareup.com. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible. 
 
 
 
At Square, we want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes: 

Commerce is changing, and as part of that Square is transforming from a product company to a platform company. If you join now, you will ride the massive wave of omnichannel retail combining in-store and online / in-app payments. You'll help create an "AWS of Commerce" as our developer platform exposes core primitives for other companies to build on top of. 
The Payment Platform team builds core commerce management APIs, front-end SDKs and UIs for web and mobile products, and supporting services for developers. 
We're building services that must be both available and able to handle meaningful volume. Thousands of developers use our code to power the payments capabilities that millions of merchants depend on. We build the tools to make that not just possible, but also easy. 
As a part of the Payment Platform, the Buyer Payment Experiences team develops the SDKs and foundational APIs needed to make it easy for 1st and 3rd parties to build remarkable and secure buyer payment experiences on the web. We care about the security of our buyers and their payment information, and face the difficult challenge of ensuring data privacy while ensuring buyer and seller security. Perks
As a software engineer on the Buyer Payment Experiences team, you will… 
Work with product, engineering, and design teams across Square to provide a detailed developer experience. Some of our biggest customers are other teams at Square who use our SDKs and UIs as building blocks, and we work with them. 
Develop type-safe libraries with TypeScript backed by Go microservices to power many payment options for both 3rd party developers and first-party products, supporting millions of Square merchants. We write framework-free and dependency-free code. 
Oversee the whole service. We deploy our services, decide how we want to test and what tools we want to use, and are responsible when things go wrong. 
Explore new services, technologies, and approaches to ensure our services are always available and fast globally. 
Design experiences so the team can be brave and move fast, without showing a negative impact to customers. 
Have a desire to build Square's developer platform, where we succeed when our merchants and developers succeed. 
Enjoy writing and shipping production software 
Have experience quickly prototyping complex ideas 
Value collaboration - both within your team and across organizations - above all 
Be intimately familiar with the landscape of browsers and the web 
Have an interest in the tools that power websites 
Care about security and privacy 
Whether you have heard of "Lean Startup", "Customer Development", "Human centered design" or not, you have a deep desire to focus on delighting our customers 
Healthcare coverage 
Retirement Plans 
Employee Stock Purchase Program 
Wellness perks 
Paid parental leave 
Flexible time off 
Learning and Development resources|
d931905a2f18a3f6 |Java Software Engineer, Backend - Rancho Cordova, CA| - |Rancho Cordova, CA 95670| |
 Sacramento
 
 Ophthalmic, Developer, Java, Computer Science, Application Developer, Healthcare, TechnologyNearest Major Market:  Job Segment: |
309a660116e90d73 |Software Engineer, Vehicle Diagnostics| - |Newark, CA 94560| |
 
 

 
 
 
 
Leading the future of luxury mobility 
Lucid’s mission is to inspire the adoption of sustainable energy by creating the most captivating luxury electric vehicles, centered around the human experience. Working at Lucid Motors means having a shared vision to power the future in revolutionary ways. Be part of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform the automotive industry. 
We are currently seeking an Software Engineer, Vehicle Diagnostics. Our ideal candidate exhibits a can-do attitude and approaches his or her work with vigor and determination. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate excellence in their respective fields, to possess the ability to learn quickly and to strive for perfection within a fast-paced environment. Be part of something amazing 
Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you. 
At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.
To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.|
6ed719e25eedd051 |Backend Software Engineer| Sibros |San Jose, CA| |Description
 Based in Silicon Valley, Sibros is a fast-growing venture backed automotive tech company led by an expert team from Faraday Future, Tesla, Uber and other leading auto-mobility brands. Our Deep Connected Mobility platform helps automakers manage all the software and data between vehicles and the cloud enabling advanced OTA (Over-the-Air) software updates, deep data collection, software inventory management, service management, remote diagnostics and beyond. At Sibros you’ll have the opportunity to work at the forefront of disruptive technology running on millions of vehicles and used by leading EV and autonomous startups to some of the world’s largest and most prestigious automakers.
 
From day one, your work at Sibros will have a positive impact on millions of vehicles. Over the last year, we’ve seen EV and mobility overtake mobile or web in funding. Help support the backbone of this revolution and work with tier-1 vehicle and mobility manufacturers, experience early demos, and learn from the best.
 
About the Role
 
Minimum Qualifications
 
Preferred Qualifications
 
Equal Employment Opportunity
 Sibros is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, color, age, sex, ancestry, marital status, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, present or past history of mental disability, genetic information or any other classification protected by state or federal law.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deliver high-quality code in a fast-paced customer-facing product Build distributed systems to support large scale, low latency queries Be involved in the full life-cycle of product development from concept to deliverables Iterate quickly by working closely with the firmware team as well as clients and end-users of the products Design and implement a secure and robust API to communicate with millions of vehicles Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms Good understanding of SQL or NoSQL Database Experienced in writing production-grade code Strong background in designing large scale distributed systems Strong experienced in writing Golang in production Familiar with Cloud-native technologies Familiar with version control systems Fullstack development experience in both frontend and backend Experienced in having fast iteration in product|
af1f1e553c7e5c52 |System Software Engineer Graduate| - |Santa Clara, CA 95054| |
1068629At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions and advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
 Learning does not only happen through training. Relationships are among the most powerful ways for people to learn and grow, and this is part of our HPE culture. In addition to working alongside talented colleagues, you will have many opportunities to learn through coaching and stretch assignment opportunities. You’ll be guided by feedback and support to accelerate your learning and maximize your knowledge. We also have a “reverse mentoring” program which allows us to share our knowledge and strengths across our multi-generation workforce. 
Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. 
Then let’s stay connected! 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_CareersDesigns limited enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. 
Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on specific objectives and established project guidelines. 
Executes and writes portions of testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs issues with code and suggests changes or improvements. 
Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned systems portion or subsystem. 
Collaborates and communicates with internal and outsourced development partners regarding software systems design status, project progress, and issue resolution. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. 
Typically 2-4 years experience. Using software systems design tools and languages. 
Ability to apply analytical and problem solving skills. 
Designing software systems running on multiple platform types. 
Software systems testing methodology, including execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate design proposals and negotiate options. 
We offer: 
A competitive salary and extensive social benefits 
Diverse and dynamic work environment 
Work-life balance and support for career development 
An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it?
Responsibilities:
 
Education and Experience Required:
 
Knowledge and Skills:
|
efaa7039c1070c4d |Full Stack Software Engineer| Survata |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Survata Ads Measurement is changing how brands and marketing experts think about survey-based research – moving from manual campaign report cards to advanced statistical analysis for real-time optimization tools. Help us with our go to market team as we continue to build out our company and product. 
The most successful companies understand that data and analysis are the foundation of any effective business strategy. Modern enterprises live and breathe data that they leverage through all sorts of dedicated analytics platforms: customer, product, supply chain, finance, etc. But until now, there's never been an effective software solution to understand, measure, and optimize companies' most important asset: their brand. 
Survata is a venture-funded startup building the Brand Intelligence Platform. We offer a comprehensive set of tools that help our Fortune 100 clients understand and improve how they're perceived in the marketplace, how aware consumers are of the value they provide, and how much consumers trust them to provide the value they promise. 
Survata has already built an excellent backend system for gathering and statistically analyzing data on consumer sentiment. To fully unlock the power of our system, Survata now needs to build out a suite of interactive, visually compelling, self-serve analytical tools to help marketers ask and answer sophisticated strategic questions (and visually communicate their results to internal stakeholders). 
Our   team is small but growing rapidly, and we need a Full Stack Engineer like you who can provide strong technical leadership to our ongoing effort to build a React/Redux-based dashboard that satisfies complex, data-intensive customer needs while remaining simple to use, efficient to build, and easy to extend and maintain. 
This is an opportunity to have an immediate, pivotal impact on the development of a modern, professional-grade set of tools for data visualization and advanced statistical analysis. These tools will be used daily by some of the largest companies in the world to directly guide how they invest hundreds of millions of dollars of marketing budget (with that amount growing more than 100% year-over-year). 
As a Full Stack Engineer, you'll have opportunities to work across our frontend, our API backend, and also (if you're interested) on our data pipelines (which handle billions of events per month) or our statistical pipelines (which apply cutting-edge causal inference methods to our high-quality, high-signal data). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Survata is the Brand Intelligence Platform. Survata makes brand marketing more impactful. 
Survata plans, measures, and optimizes brand marketing. Survata is the only brand intelligence platform that provides customers 
Scale: Our unmatched digital network enables fast, accurate, data collection from millions of everyday consumers 
Real-time brand insights: Real-time dashboards for the most accurate up-to-date brand insights, all conveniently accessible on a single platform 
Optimization: Seamless integration with DSPs and social platforms means bid optimization and audiences to improve marketing impact 
Our customers are Fortune 500 companies across multiple verticals including CPG, technology, and financial services as well as the largest global advertising agencies measuring and optimizing digital campaigns for their customers. 
We are backed by leading investors (Y Combinator, Uncork Capital, Bloomberg Beta, PivotNorth, Ridge Ventures, Conductive Ventures, leading MarTech founders)
What you'll do 
What we're looking for    for professional end users. You understand the various philosophies of API design and have informed opinions on their respective strengths and weaknesses. You've built robust, high-quality API-consuming applications before (whether single-page web apps, mobile apps, or cloud-powered desktop apps). 
 . You're familiar with the modern landscape of interface frameworks, web/API frameworks, and databases. You know which frameworks to use, when, in what combinations (and when not to use a framework at all). 
 . You believe that well-structured code, comprehensive testing, and solid engineering methodology are a must. 
 . As a full-stack engineer, you'll both build and consume our Groovy-on-Grails-based API. 
 . You don't need to be familiar with the particular technology we use, but you should have built real backends in one (or more) framework like Django, Rails, Express, or Spring Boot. . Our clients use our data to make their businesses more effective, and you'll use your skills to turn theoretical ideas into concrete tools and improvements that will help Survata satisfy our clients. You should enjoy collaborating with Product on specs and designs that solve real needs and will delight end users. 
 . You understand that you'll be responsible for making sure we end up with great systems by making sure the best ideas win, even if those ideas aren't yours. 
 . You care about understanding the world around you and want to learn more about why it works the way it does. 
 You're the type who fixes problems instead of worrying about who's responsible for fixing them.   and you want to stake out a meaningful area of expertise within the constant swirl and change of startup life. 
 . You know that participating effectively in a team takes deliberate effort and  . Survata works hard to foster a welcoming, inclusive climate where people feel safe and supported and actually want to work with each other. You're comfortable being evaluated for what you add to the team, not just what you add to the codebase. 
 Bonus Points At least some experience building tools to visualize and explore large, dense datasets. 
 Experience working with React/Redux. 
 Experience working with Groovy-on-Grails and MySQL. 
 Experience at a startup or fast-growing company. 
 Experience building quality products for demanding professional end users. 
 Experience with marketing technology, advertising technology, or market research companies. About Survata 
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.Applications Engineering You have experience with end-to-end development of powerful, intuitive, highly-functional products You deeply understand and enjoy programming You value and practice rigorous engineering methodology You have strong, informed opinions about what makes a good API You have material experience with a modern web/API framework You like solving real-world business problems You're humble You're curious You own and take responsibility for your actions and your work You believe that well-oiled, high-trust teams are more effective than the sum of their parts compassionate, effective, and non-violent communication|
55643891b0b3d8a6 |Full Stack Software Engineer| |Two Chairs| |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

We bring together an exceptional team of people at the intersection of clinical care, technology, and design. Though our backgrounds may be different, we're united by our collective personal experiences with the mental health care system and the desire to make it better. We strive to create a world where everyone has access to exceptional mental healthcare and to create a workplace where everyone has the opportunity to impact that mission. We are passionate about mental health and excited to be a part of a team that is bringing personalized, data-driven therapy to the Bay Area and eventually nationwide. 
You'll have the opportunity to build modern, intuitive, and beautiful web and mobile applications from the ground up. As a member of a small team, you'll have a key role in defining the architecture and implementing a seamless technology-enabled mental healthcare system. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Whether you work in our HQ office or at a clinic, Two Chairs is highly collaborative, and yes, fun! To support you at work we offer some fantastic perks and benefits that reflect our mission of self-care and support, including: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Two Chairs is committed to building a culture of inclusivity, belonging, and safety. We believe that in order to achieve our mission we must foster a workforce that represents people from all identities, backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. Our DEI efforts are grounded in employee support, education & advocacy, culturally-informed care, and ingrained in our hiring process.
About Us 
About the role: 
About You: Committed to delivering exceptional quality work Passionate about mental health Low ego and outcome-oriented Deeply empathetic Pragmatic 
Where you'll make an impact: Be a key player in building high-performance, secure, scalable and delightful consumer and clinician facing applications from scratch. Build and integrate new architecture, frameworks, technologies and everything that makes for great software. Apply best practices for writing clean, secure, readable, scalable code. Enhance and optimize our current systems with new features and increased stability. Communicate with our clinicians and clinical leaders, understanding their workflows and translating their needs into seamless applications. Understand our clients' journey through care and build software that enables a best-in-class therapeutic experience. Build innovative products to fundamentally transform the mental health space by combining the best of humans and technology. 
You'll be successful if you: 5+ years of engineering experience with a track record of architecting and building consumer-facing products from start to finish. Experience with Python/similar, NodeJS/similar framework, React, and SQL. Deep understanding of web development concepts and principles with good intuition for product and design. Experience understanding, building and debugging of scalable, high performance web applications built with reusability and componentization in mind. Get it done attitude with passion about building something great with a great team. Experience working in a fast paced startup environment is a plus. 
More about our benefits a competitive salary and equity in a high growth start-up ample paid time off to relax and recharge comprehensive health benefits professional development opportunities to support your learning & growth a yearly contribution to your healthcare FSA a wellness stipend paid parental leave and lots moreTwo Chairs is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually due to COVID-19. Everyone new to the team, along with our current staff, will temporarily work from home until it is safe to return to our offices. 
_________________________________|
a53c51809ad7e0b3 |Junior Software Engineer| - |San Diego, CA| |As we navigate through these unprecedented times, MCM’s focus continues to be our commitment to our Consumers and Employees. Since the start of COVID-19, our teams have worked diligently to ensure the health and safety of our employees while continuing to support our Consumers. 
MCM continues to hire in areas which aid in the support of our Consumers and Employees. We have also leveraged our digital capabilities to continue to provide a great recruiting experience. As an applicant, you may be asked to complete a phone screen, or a virtual interview and our Recruiting Team is committed to supporting any questions you may have throughout the Interview process. 
Now more than ever, we have a high demand for self-driven, ambitious individuals to join our IT team. 
We are looking for Software Engineer I to come and help us adopt our cloud first strategy on AWS platform. We are a small and fun group of engineers trying to take on big challenges of implementing new architectural patterns like micro-services, implement Machine Learning based systems and modernize some of the product lines used for mission critical applications. 
Bachelor; Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Software Engineering 
0 - 1 year professional experience. Relevant programming languages ( Java, HTML, REACT, SQL) and Eclipse based IDE, Windows OS. Strong adherence to guidelines, ability to identify and resolve problems. 
You will play an integral role in helping move our organization to a cloud first strategy and implementing architectural foundations. This is a growing and innovative team that supports strategic initiatives that directly impacts the bottom line for our business.
Success in the Role 
What it Takes to Get the Job Done 
Maintain and enhance software applications under close supervision of a manager or technical lead. 
Attend formal and informal training sessions as needed. 
Other application development projects as assigned. 
What You’ll Gain|
2904043f72daeb8e |Machine Learning Engineer - Fraud Engineering, Algorithms, and Risk| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.
Internet Software and Services is responsible for delivering cutting edge Internet applications like the App Store, Apple Music and iCloud that are used by hundreds of millions of users every day across the globe. Our team protects Apple services and customers from abuse through a combination of threat modeling, data analysis, and machine learning.
We are seeking a machine learning engineer with a drive to turn the huge amounts of data generated by these applications into feature improvements that enhance customer experience. A successful candidate will have a bent for applied research with expertise in anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. Successful candidates will take pride in designing, developing, and deploying algorithms that have direct impact on services that Apple provides to customers. The role requires broad knowledge of machine learning and the software engineering expertise to develop and deploy highly scalable algorithms.
We encourage engineers to stay abreast of machine learning research by attending conferences. We cultivate a collaborative work environment, but allow solution autonomy on projects.|
d244d893d6078cd7 |SOFTWARE ENGINEER| - |San Francisco, CA 94107| |
This position will develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. The job requirements and specific duties of the position are listed below.
 
 
Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance.
 Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation.
 Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
 Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.
 Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.
 Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure specifications are met.
 
  Master’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or a related field, or the foreign equivalent. One year of experience in the following skills is required:
 Experience of server-side coding in Java
 Experience with design, development, scaling, troubleshooting, and live support of server applications (APIs and services)
 Experience with ElasticSearch, Redis
 Knowledge of SQL and MySQL forged in the fires of high traffic, high availability web app environments
 Server-side development experience supporting mobile applications
 
  $120,931.00 PER YEAR. The employer will pay or exceed the prevailing wage, as determined by the U.S. Department of Labor.
 
  40hrs/week. 9 am to 5 pm.
 
  139 Townsend St, #300, San Francisco, CA 94107
 
  HR, Job#097, 139 Townsend St, #300, San Francisco, CA 94107
 
This notice is being filed in compliance with 20 CFR §656.10(d). Any person may provide documentary evidence bearing on the application to the Certifying Officer of the U.S. Department of Labor holding jurisdiction over the location of the proposed employment: U.S. Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration, Harris Tower, 233 Peachtree Street, Suite 410, Atlanta, Georgia 30303, Phone: (404) 893-0101, Fax: (404) 893-4642.
 
Any person may provide documentary evidence bearing on this application to the United States Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration, Atlanta Processing Center, Harris Tower, 233 Peachtree Street, NE, Suite 410, Atlanta, Georgia, 30303.
 
This notice is being provided to workers in the place of intended employment by the following means:
 
Posting a clearly visible and unobstructed notice, for at least 10 consecutive business days, two in conspicuous locations(s) in the workplace, where the employer’s U.S. workers can readily read the posted notice, including but not limited to locations in the immediate vicinity of the wage and hour notices.
 
AND
 
Publishing the notice in any and all in-house media, whether electronic or printed, in accordance with normal procedures used for the recruitment of similar positions in the employer’s organization.
 
  August 18, 2020
 
  August 13, 2020
 
  ___________________________
 
  __Smule’s website / career page__
 
  ____N/A_____________
 
I attest, under penalty of perjury, that the above notice was provided as shown.
 
  ___________________________________________________________________
 
SMULE, INC.
 
 
  ____________________POSITION DUTIES: Responsibilities: POSITION REQUIREMENTS: RATE OF PAY: HOURS: LOCATION OF EMPLOYMENT: MAIL RESUME: DATE POSTED: DATE REMOVED: LOCATIONS WHERE THE NOTICE WAS POSTED: MEANS OF IN-HOUSE NOTICE, IF APPLICABLE: EXPLANATION OF ANY LACK OF IN-HOUSE NOTICE: NAME: SIGNATURE: DATE:|
6fc456ed6e55f017 |Software Engineer| - |Austin, TX| |The Cadence Voltus Power Signoff R&D team is looking for a talented software engineer who will be involved in research and development of state of the art EDA tools for power integrity solutions. This position is responsible for researching, developing and supporting Voltus power grid simulation engine.
 
 
Responsibilities:
 
Develop novel algorithms to improve runtime/capacity of Voltus simulation engine.
 
Research and develop new capability to solve upcoming power signoff challenges
At Cadence, we hire and develop leaders and innovators who want to make an impact on the world of technology.
 We’re doing work that matters. Help us solve what others can’t.|
75713b1ddff1db1c |Software Engineer — Protocol| 0x |San Francisco, CA| |
At 0x Labs, our mission is to create a tokenized world where all value can flow freely. We're a highly technical, globally distributed group of teams taking part in transforming the way that value is exchanged on a global scale. We're passionate about open-source software and decentralized technology's potential to act as an equalizing force in the world, and our technology is deployed by a wide array of projects at the cutting edge of internet and economic advancement. 
 
0x Labs created and now contributes to 0x protocol: a network comprised of open-source infrastructure, tooling, and cryptocurrency-based incentives that allow for the decentralized exchange of any blockchain-based digital asset. 0x is a secure, publicly owned and governed, and upgradable standard that’s abstracted away from application-layer developers and enables interoperability between blockchain-based applications. 
 
Our flagship product is Matcha, a decentralized exchange that makes it safe and easy for anyone in the world to access crypto assets on Ethereum.
 
 
Lastly, 0x Labs encompasses Periscope Trading, a specialized liquidity desk focused on creating frontier decentralized markets and assets, as well as seeking alpha with proprietary strategies. 
 
We’re a remote-first company with core contributors in nearly ten countries and over twice as many cities. Our headquarters is in San Francisco, with an office available for anyone on the team to use at any time. 
 
We’ll consider your application regardless of where you call home. 
 
 
 
The Protocol team ensures 0x remains the most resilient, flexible, and future-proofed protocol for decentralized exchange. They own our smart contract architecture and development, solving greenfield challenges around liquidity, market structures, governance, cross-chain interoperability, security, and mechanism design.
 
 
You’ll work closely alongside: 
 
 
 
 
 
 0x Labs and its associated entities (0x) are dedicated to fostering diversity, inclusion, and belonging in its teams and workforce, and are proud to be equal opportunity employers. 0x does not make employment or hiring decisions on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression or identity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, citizenship, national origin, or any other basis that is protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. 0x will also consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a way that is consistent with San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws.PROTOCOL TEAM 
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PREFERRED 
 BENEFITS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPANY Greg Hysen, Protocol’s Engineering Manager. Prior to taking on this role, he led distributed systems engineering at a 3d-mapping drone company and was an individual contributor on our Protocol team, where he drove the redesign of 0x protocol’s economics in v3; A small and growing team of world-class Solidity/protocol engineers from diverse technical backgrounds, including folks who’ve done notable solo open-source Ethereum development, built AI infrastructure at Facebook, and audited security-critical smart contracts across the industry; Various other stakeholders and teams across 0x Labs, with closest proximity to our Networks team (responsible for 0x Mesh, cross-chain development, and zero-knowledge/scalability initiatives) Research and drive high-level decisions about 0x protocol architecture, incentive structures, and features Spec, implement, test, and audit protocol upgrades and additions Work effectively with a high degree of autonomy, within a collaboratively minded team Keep attuned to the rapidly evolving blockchain/crypto space and introduce innovative functionality Collaborate cross-functionally with other teams, including engineering (internal and external), research, data science, product management, executive leadership, and recruiting Analyze transaction and usage statistics to identify and prioritize areas for improvement REQUIREMENTS Experience writing high-quality, well-tested Solidity Knowledge of the EVM, blockchain technology, and cryptoeconomic protocols Strong communication, ownership, and collaboration skills The ability to learn and adapt to a rapidly evolving tech stack Passion for the benefits of decentralization and the 0x mission Exhibit our core values: do the right thing, consistently ship, and focus on long-term impact Knowledge of market structures and exchange-related concepts Competitive salary and equity with occasional cryptocurrency-based perks Comprehensive insurance (medical/dental/vision) — 100% covered for you and your family 401k, HSA, and FSA for U.S.-based employees Stipend for your ideal remote / WFH set-up: laptop, headphones, and any other work gear you may need Flexible hours and a long-standing, supportive remote environment Monthly co-working space and mobile phone expense 12-week paid parental leave Great office conveniently located in Soma/East Cut, SF, available for all team members Daily at-home lunch delivery in SF and additional meal reimbursements Unlimited vacation: Take time when you need it (and we really mean it) Multiple annual in-person team meet-ups around the globe|
d737ce7b775a5a28 |Software (C#, .NET) Engineer II (Hoffman Estates, IL)| - |Hoffman Estates, IL 60169| |
 

The CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We’re building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industry 
that will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve. 
 
 
Each year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It’s time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and development 
investment is measured in the tens of billions. It’s time you were a part of something bigger. 
 
We’re expanding our workforce – engineers, architects, developers and more – onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications. 
 
 
Growth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments. 
The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology. 
If you’re ready for high-impact, you’re ready for CDK. 
The Software Engineer II is an experienced developer position that works primarily in design, coding, testing, and supporting software products and related materials to meet customer requirements in the Heavy Equipment industry. The Software Engineer II performs tasks using formal software development methodologies and specified R&D and/or departmental procedures. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. 
At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.Power the Possibilities Be Part of Something Bigger Join Our Team 
Summary: Responsibilities: Education & Experience: 
Skills: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field with at least 5 years of programming experience or a Master’s degree; OR in lieu of a Bachelor’s degree, at least 7 years of direct programming experience 
Understanding of utilizing Agile and Scrum software development methodologies 
Working knowledge of AWS or Azure is nice to have. 
Ability to document, track and monitor a problem/issue to a timely resolution 
Knowledge of operating systems is must 
Collaborative problem solving ability and self-motivated 
Strong verbal and written communication skills along with prioritization of duties 
Work as a team member, with limited supervision. 
Demonstrated time management and completion of tasks to a definite deadline.Design and implement software modules. Create design documents and module specifications from the direction of other software engineers, project leads, or supervisor. Create interfaces to or from other applications or databases. Code programs or modifications to existing programs or modules. Develop application test plans. This can include regression, integration, or full system test plans. Perform debugging, unit, and system level testing on programs. Coaching and mentoring other developers. Update and review object, module, program, and application documentation. Review and provide input to technical writers, training developers on application specific publications, on-line help implementation, and if appropriate, training class development. Develop and implement application test plans, including both integration and full system test plans for publications, software and training materials. Create program specifications to ensure proper direction during development. Participates in code reviews for other development projects. BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Math, or equivalent education/experience. 5+ years programming experience required. Training and experience with Agile software development. Analysis and design experience. Experience and training in formal testing methods helpful.|
f8c726117636ffd1 |Backend Software Engineer| |Hired Recruiters| |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
   
We are a tech company, operating a thriving and growing broadcast platform, Alexa ranked in the top 100 sites internationally, and the top 25 in the United States, with approximately 10 million daily users, and a worldwide community of fans. Independent Broadcasters use our platform to create and share live streaming video, photographs, and similar content, generally adult in nature, (but no adult content is required). 
 
 
 
 
   
The platform is built on Python/Django framework with TypeScript on the front-end. Some parts of the platform use Java, Golang, and Rust. 
 
 
 
   
You will work in a very dynamic environment and have an opportunity to work on different parts of the platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
be familiar with other programming languages such as Java, Go, Rust. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
we value the sense of urgency and aspire to build a smooth and transparent recruiting process. These are our stages in the recruiting process: phone screen with a recruiter, resume review by Head of Software Engineering, 1-hour coding session, and final interview with CEO. We reserve the right to add additional selection stages to the process depending on the specific skills of each candidate.What are we doing:
 
Our sophisticated system has multiple parts, including but not limited to payment gateways, live chats, and video streaming technology. Every contribution here is of high impact and affects the experience of millions of users using the site every day. 
 
We always explore new ways to use cutting-edge tech stack and move toward modern micro-services based architecture. 
 How we build the product:
 What will you do:
 
Mainly, you will be participating in brainstorming to figure out the best technical solutions to achieve the goals set by the management. As a top-notch software engineer in our team, you will be accountable for building comprehensive technical solutions with high-quality standards and practicing clean coding styles. The day-to-day tasks may include building new features for the site, fixing existing bugs, and refactoring/optimizing existing code to deliver the best consumer experience for both users and broadcasters worldwide. 
 
This includes working on features that are supported across all major web browsers, mobile devices, smart TVs, and video consoles. As a backend engineer, it is expected to work with large data sets and being an expert in designing efficient algorithms, queries, and caching methods. 
 
We value an initiative and are willing to support you in making appropriate technical decisions. 
 A STEM degree (recent graduates) AND/OR 5 + years experience working with Python/Django. 
 Solid knowledge of programming fundamentals - algorithms, data structures, design patterns, and paradigms 
 Expert knowledge of web development with a deep understanding of inner workings of major browsers, including how they render HTML/CSS and their Javascript runtime environment 
 Proven problem-solving and fast-learning skills 
 Would be nice to have:
 Health&Life insurance with dental and vision plan 
 401k matching 
 Paid holidays, vacation and sick days 
 Paid lunches 
 What does the recruiting process look like:
Description 
 Requirements 
 What will you bring: 
 Benefits 
 Perks&Benefits: 
|
41d4172b692ceca6 |Software Testing Engineer| - |San Ramon, CA| |· Develop quality assurance strategy for the client. · Develop automation scripts. · Develop test plans, test data and test cases for new features, end-to-end system tests and regression tests. · Execute all tests. · Test for production quality process pre and post-deployment. · Work with development, product and customer teams to research existing data issues and suggest solutions. · QA review queries created by developers for adherence to standards and performance issues. · Report on testing status, milestones and issues to project stakeholders. · Deep understanding of data concepts (ETL, Data pipeline, data structures, metadata and workflow management). · Experience in setting up and maintaining a QA environment and test data management. · Exposure to Microsoft Azure, Synapse, ADF. · Exposure to Spark/Hadoop. · Excellent in python. · Experience in system testing, regression testing, functional testing, Black box testing and white box testing. · Experience with automated end-to-end testing tools/Frameworks. · Good SQL experience querying and extracting data from databases. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Experience: Education: Location: Work authorization: Work Remotely:Responsibilities:  Skills required:  Testing tools: 5 years (Preferred) Azure cloud : 5 years (Preferred) ADF: 5 years (Preferred) Software testing: 5 years (Preferred) Testing methodologies: 5 years (Preferred) Python: 5 years (Preferred) Data pipeline: 5 years (Preferred) Synapse: 5 years (Preferred) ETL: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) San Ramon, CA (Preferred) United States (Preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19|
4a65e5c48fb5c7cf |Software Engineer III| |Spire Systems, Inc.| |Sunnyvale, CA| |Proficient in at least two of the programming languages: C, C ++, Go, Java, Python Expertise in using RDBMS database technologies like Postgres or Oracle or sql Expertise in using No-SQL technologies including Cassandra, MongoDB and Elasticsearch. Hands-on experience with public cloud such as AWS, Azure or GCP and container technologies such as Docker. Solid knowledge in Linux Kernel Architecture, Data Structures, Algorithms and Design Patterns. Hands-on experience in designing micro-services & SOA based applications Experience and knowledge of REST API development Nice to have experience with Agile-scrum methodology and Test-driven development Excellent communication, organization and presentation skills. As a key member of the *** Emerging Services Engineering team you will be involved in the development lifecycle from design, implementation, testing and support with a focus on delivering solutions adhering to business goals, technical requirements and engineering standards. Design, Development & Support of Software Products and Solutions. Develop unit test plans, test suites, and perform tests on software solutions. Integrate software product(s) with other systems, test interfaces, and manage version control. Interact with stakeholder(s) to understand and document the product feature(s). Solve bugs, engage in trouble shooting, and interact with the internal developer community. Assist in analysis & evaluation of new technologies to meet demand for product roadmap and technology platform goals. Evaluation and recommendation of appropriate technologies for product features and platform. Advocate and Follow best design and development practices adhering to Engineering standards. Work in a Globally Distributed Development team environment with minimal supervision. Participate in Design & Peer Code Review process. Thanks! Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: $0.00 to $70.00 /hour Experience: Work Remotely:Title: Software Engineer III  Location: Sunnyvale, CA Duration: 5 Months  Skills:  Duties:  Software Engineering: 3 years (Preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19|
d6772a3c1bf86ba1 |Software Engineer- Ruby on Rails, Java & Cloud Migration| |Blue Rose Technologies| |Santa Clara, CA| |Blue Rose Technologies (BRT) is actively seeking a self-motivated Software Engineer- Ruby on Rails, Java, and Cloud Migration experience to join our Customers global online Payment team, and help build low-latency, high-throughput mid-tier applications. · Experience building payment processing solutions. · Payment processor integrations, including certification. · Bank / Financial institution integrations. · Credit card network (Ex: Visa / Mastercard) integrations. · Experience with Verifone or Ingenico payment terminals… 12 months+ initiative, and all candidates will be required to work at locations in San Jose, CA. ***  : This is an hourly W2 or 1099 contracting position with Blue Rose Technologies, with optional United Health Insurance packages. Contract length: 12 months Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: $0.00 per hour Schedule: Work Remotely:Candidate Description  Background we’re looking for:  Required Skills:  Engineers with 3+ years of experience building software or web applications Ability to work in a collaborative environment, frequently in pair programming sessions Experience with agile development methodologies, test driven development (TDD), extracting / refactoring code into services, domain-driven design, and CI/CD Experience writing applications or services with Ruby on Rails and Java / Dropwizard or other Java frameworks Experience building microservices that are deployed on Kubernetes Experience with AWS services (EC2, S3, Aurora, RDS, DynamoDB, SQS) Nice to Have Project Duration:  Salary/Benefits Details 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19|
82a2e3bb4d60e1cf |Staff Software Engineer| - |San Jose, CA 95131| |
 
 
 
Job Duties: 
Qualifications: 
Skills & Behaviors: Job_Description_Summary: The PayPal P2P Services team is leading the way in developing the next generation money movement platform that will be used by millions of users across the globe. The P2P Services team is looking for a highly motivated software engineer to lead the design and development of Java-based application level software. This software provides the key functionality for PayPal users to send money to others, split bills, or manage their money into and out of PayPal. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the entire application development life-cycle including architecture, design, development, testing, maintenance and live support. Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
Build scalable, highly reliable product features 
Exercise strong technical leadership skills with the ability to resolve ambiguity in requirements 
Apply problem solving and analytical skills to variety of issues 
Interact with cross functional teams to produce win-win solutions 
Estimate engineering effort and come up with realistic schedules 
Identify and resolve complex production issues 
Document best practices and help create knowledge base 
Excellent communication and relationship skills. Ability to understand and articulate both technical and business issues with peers, management, and external teams. 
 Creative and innovative, able to think out of the box 
 Track record as a results oriented person with a delivery focus 
 Self starter 
 Strong work ethic 
 Able to work with engineers, managers, Product Management, QA, Load & Performance, and Operations teams 
 Flexible and open-minded 
 Enjoy fast paced dynamic environment 
 Work well alone and in teams 
 Able to multitask 
 Understand issues quickly and solve problems efficiently
Expert in Java language development 
Proficient in REST, JSON, SQL, JUnit 
Experience with C++, JavaScript and node.js highly desirable 
Good grasp of software design and design principles 
BSCS (or equivalent) plus 5+ years of professional related experience or Master's Degree|
7c13c7ea860d10c3 |Software Engineer - ProdOps| - California |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

On the off chance you've thought about insurance, it's likely because you've insured something you love, not because you loved your insurance company. Metromile is out to change that. As an insurtech powered by data science and customer centric-design, we're building a community of drivers who come for the savings and stay for the experience. 
With technology at its core, Metromile is reimagining insurance to make it fairer and actually delightful. We're obsessed with savings, service, and features - street sweeping alerts, monthly mileage summaries, fuel trackers and more - that engage a customer all along their journey. We're on the forefront of disrupting a $250 billion auto insurance category that has gone unchanged for over 80 years. 
Metromile's diverse team combines the best of Silicon Valley technologists with veterans from Fortune 500 insurers and financial services giants. This management structure ensures that the business is focused on growth, customer experience and technology innovation while also balancing unit economics and profitability. The team is growing quickly across its San Francisco, Tempe, and Boston offices. Our customer service, claims, and sales teams are all based in-house in the US. 
As a Senior Software Engineer, ProdOps at Metromile you will help keep the engines running at top efficiency. Our stack of Linux, Java, Nginx serve all the requests all the time in millisecond response time. You will strive to make our batch jobs finish before they start. Our developers will love you for giving them the tools to deploy new microservice projects every other week at the touch of a button. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Metromile is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. 
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.About us 
About the role 
About You 1+ Years using Linux/Ubuntu/Debian/RedHat. Strong knowledge with AWS and some of their 3 letter services. Experience with Docker and container orchestration. Experience with major configuration management tools like Salt, Ansible, Puppet or CFEngine. Experience with scripting languages like Python or Bash. Experience standing up and administering monitoring and metrics tools like Nagios, Sensu, Graphite, Datadog, etc. Experience with continuous integration servers like Jenkins. Experience with Mysql, Postgres, DynamoDB and interests in Aurora. Familiarity with Linux internals. Ability to mentor junior team members BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics or Math, or equivalent work experience. A passion for learning new things. What's in it for you Competitive salary plus equity Robust benefit options (health, dental, vision, 401K) Well-being benefits Generous parental leave Mac equipment and adjustable workstations|
0c24e1a7c9ba08c1 |Software Development Engineer| - |San Jose, CA| |
 
 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual OrientationYou’re a software engineer. Your time is limited and in demand. Rather than poring over hundreds of job descriptions, you’d rather just get to the part where you solve highly-complex problems, build environments to handle massive scale, develop thoughtful and elegant code, and partner with super smart teammates to deliver game-changing products and services. 
 
We get it, which is why we created PathFinder—a simplified white glove process that focuses on getting to know you and matching you with a team based on what’s important to, that’s right, you. It’s simple, pass the interview process and a member of the PathFinder team will curate a list of opportunities that align with your interests, whether they be based on team size, location, technology, product, scope, or even time spent in meetings. Our job is to find you your next job, and we’ll do this through a series of thoughtful conversations with potential team members and managers so you can make an informed choice. You ask the questions. You learn about the projects. You choose the path.2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 3+ years of professional software development experience Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed system Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs. Experience with modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/C++, C#, Python, Ruby) Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related technical field|
439a5e7bc0cd0890 |Staff Software Development Engineer| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94086| |#GD
 #LI-GL1Responsibilities:
 Responsible for the pre-research and development of HTTP related load balance functions.
 Locate, analyze and repair HTTP related functions' problems.
 Ability to independently undertake the complete development of functional features
 Maintain and update the product framework code, improve the existing structure, and optimize product performance
 Coordinate with QA, PM, etc. to work together.
 Debug customer issues. 
 Requirements:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field. Master’s Degree preferred.
 Familiar with the basic principles of stateful network device, network equipment classification, usage and basic principles.
 Familiar with network protocol stack, proficient in TCP/IP.
 Familiar with one of the following authentication protocols: NTLM, HTTP Basic, Radius, LDAP.
 Proficient in HTTP/HTTPS protocols.
 Proficient in C language, proficient in development tools and environments under LINUX, such as gcc gdb libc, etc., able to understand GNU Makefile.
 Master one or two basic scripting languages, such as bash script, python, etc.
 Understand the basic knowledge of network security, offense and defense, and Understand the basic methods of application layer attacks, such as SQL Injection/XSS, stack overflow, etc.
 Experience in network equipment/embedded equipment development is preferred, and experience in Load Balance equipment development is preferred.
 Experience in large-scale HTTP server software framework (like Nginix/Apache/Haproxy) development is preferred.
 Good communication skills, the ability to quickly and deeply understand problems
|
fa58d52b1e0ab7ba |Software Developer Internship| |AMPLY Power| |Mountain View, CA 94043| |AMPLY is a fast growing 2020 Global CleanTech 100 company, honored for Innovation in Electric Vehicle Fleet Charging and Management. We are an energy technology company going after an emerging $100B market opportunity. We are looking for individuals with a passion for technology and motivation to learn. Amply is hiring a talented Software Developer intern based at our HQ office in Mountain View, CA. Apply your knowledge of computer science to real-world EV fleet charging challenges and learn from our experienced leadership team. · Contribute to Amply’s application development, optimization modeling, DB query optimization and schema design · Create Amply product standard reporting packages on tableau and on Amply’s admin portal · Help build the inventory module in Amply’s product offering · Assist in test setups (physical charging station setups), test plans, documentation of monitoring error codes, and product features · Ability to tackle various backlogged / low priority items with guidance from the engineering team in a POC manner · Assist the engineering department with various assignments from time to time · Bachelor’s degree or MA program in Computer Science, Engineering, Power Electronics, Business Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence or equivalent · Advanced skills in SQL databases and queries · Excellent coding skills in python, node.js, SQL, script languages · Business Intelligence background · Good understanding of data models · Has experience in storing data in databases, reporting, and analytical packages · Highly critical thinking skills to tackle a variety of programming challenges · Attention to detail and a commitment to excellence · Energy, Demand Response, Solar or renewable energy industry experience is a plus AMPLY is redefining the EV charging market for private and public fleets, including autonomous driving fleets, transit bus agencies, municipal and private fleets. We are building the next level of charging as a service, taking complete ownership and control of the charging infrastructure, the scheduling of the vehicles, the cloud platform and the utility meter – in order to provide the highest availability and resilience in the market. In this way, we will accelerate the adoption of electric powered fleets by optimizing the delivery of power and making refueling seamless and efficient. In a high-powered application like vehicle fast charging, the difference between controlled, optimally balanced vs unrestrained EV charging could be 3x in cost from your local utility. Even more importantly, EV fleets, in particular when part of critical and close to real time business processes (for example in autonomous fleets) need to be scheduled for charging in specific time intervals. By taking control of the utility meter, optimizing EV charge rate and vehicle process flow, AMPLY provides the lowest cost of electric fueling possible in a given depot location or in-route stops. Our approach is to offer charging as a service, which is unique in the industry. We offer our customers a per mile driven usage rate. AMPLY provides the bulk of the upfront capital expenditures associated with the charging platform. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship Pay: From $30.00 per hour Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Internship Compensation: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: Company's website: Work Remotely:Responsibilities Qualifications About Amply Monday to Friday python, node.js: 1 year (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Preferred) Pay No: Not providing sponsorship for this job www.AmplyPower.com No|
5fa4e82d379a26e5 |Software Development Engineer| Deemsoft |Cupertino, CA| |
We are seeking a highly-skilled, experienced Java developer to join our expanding Information Technology team. In this role, you will help develop and design technology solutions that are scalable, relevant, and critical to our company’s success. You will focus on Java/JavaEE development throughout all phases of the development lifecycle and must have a solid skill set, a desire to continue to grow as a developer, and a team-player mentality.
 
 
 
 
Software Development Engineer Job Summary: Java Developer Duties and Responsibilities Participate in the design and implementation of essential applications
 Demonstrate expertise and add valuable input throughout the development lifecycle
 Help design and implement scalable, lasting technology solutions
 Review current systems, suggesting updates as needed
 Gather requirements from internal and external stakeholders
 Test and debug new applications and updates
 Resolve reported issues and reply to queries in a timely manner
 Develop and utilize technical change documentation
 Strive to deploy all products and updates on time
 Help improve code quality by implementing recommended best practices
 Remain up to date on all current best practices, trends, and industry developments
 Maintain a high standard of work quality and encourage others to do the same
 Help junior team members grow and develop their skills
 Identify potential challenges and bottlenecks in order to address them proactively Java Developer Requirements and Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field required; master’s degree is a plus
 Java certification prefered
 Minimum 4 years’ experience in IT field, preferably in a corporate setting
 Solid working knowledge of Java and J2EE technologies
 Significant experience working with SQL and HTML
 Familiarity with JIRA is a plus
 Experience with database usage and management|
e8d36c0bbf0e46f4 |Embedded Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The Technology Development Group at Apple is looking for an exceptional engineer to work in an exciting and rapidly evolving field. As a member of our fast-paced group, you will have the unique ability to influence novel architectures. You will also have the opportunity to take your designs through the full life-cycle of proof-of-concept, system modeling, profiling and prototyping leading to production software. Our environment values initiative and fosters innovation!|
3e5bf8e42a5f6167 |Software Engineer (CV Team)| |Simbe Robotics| |South San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Simbe Robotics is building Tally, an autonomous mobile robot for the world's retail industry. Tally helps in-store teams by collecting and analyzing on-shelf product data and providing actionable insights. As a Software Engineer at Simbe Robotics you will be part of a talented team developing retail analytics and insight tools for our Tally solution. Out computer vision pipeline provides retailers unparalleled insights about the state of their store while assisting them to maximize overall performance.
In this role you will Write software mostly in Python and C++ to support the computer vision and data processing pipeline Optimize code that comes out of RnD for production use Improve testing and deployment processes Assist with architecting and scaling the computer vision and data processing pipelines Build internal tooling to help with automation of processes, data audits, etc. Work closely with members of our product management, user experience design, data quality assurance, and engineering teams. 
About you (required) Able to work in a Linux or Unix environment in the terminal Strong demonstrated record of software engineering for 2+ years Experience with git, github, and at least one form of continuous integration system Very proficient in Python, reasonably proficient in C++ Some experience working with concurrent and parallel programming Able to work independently with minimal guidance 
About you (preferred) Experience with computer vision or deep learning systems would be very helpful Experience working on GCP/AWS/Azure or similar system An understanding of Kubernetes 
Our stack Python (opencv, open3d, numpy, keras/tensorflow, torch, numba, pandas, streamlit) C++ (pybind11) Google Cloud Platform Nvidia Jetson Kubernetes Linux Git/Github/Github Actions|
23902c7f35dcae37 |Member of Technical Staff Palo Alto, CA| - |Palo Alto, CA 94304| |
 
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com. 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 350,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud Era/ A pioneer in the use of virtualization and automation technologies, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center to the virtual workplace, empowering customers with solutions in the software-defined data center to hybrid cloud computing and the mobile workspace. Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today. Develop and/or execute software, testing, and validation procedures, programming and documentation. Work autonomously in an area of specialization to analyze user needs and develop software solutions working on problems of diverse scope. Apply company policies and procedures to resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways. Design and/or customize software to optimize operational efficiency in cloud-based environments. Exercise discretion within defined practices and procedures in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. In connection with the above duties, apply knowledge and/or skills of Core Java Programming; Linux OS; Databases including Hibernate or SQL Server; and Perl/Python/Shell Scripting Language. 
Multiple openings. Qualified applicants apply online here. 
VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination andHarassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.v Engineering and Technology 
 Software Engineering 
 Manager and Professional 
 Full Time 
 No 
  2020-08-21Business Summary:  
Job Role and Responsibility:
 
Required Skills: 
Core Java Programming; 
Linux OS; 
Databases including Hibernate or SQL Server; and 
Perl/Python/Shell Scripting Language. 
Preferred Skills: N/A 
Category :  Subcategory:  Experience:  Full Time/ Part Time:  Work From Home:  Posted Date:|
d1d75fb66be53b8d |Frontend Software Engineer| |Hired Recruiters| |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
   
We are a tech company, operating a thriving and growing broadcast platform, Alexa ranked in the top 100 sites internationally, and the top 25 in the United States, with approximately 10 million daily users, and a worldwide community of fans. Independent Broadcasters use our platform to create and share live streaming video, photographs, and similar content, generally adult in nature, (but no adult content is required). 
 
 
 
   
The platform is built on Python/Django framework with TypeScript on the front-end. Some parts of the platform use Java, Golang, and Rust. 
 
   
You will work in a very dynamic environment and have an opportunity to work on different parts of the platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
we value the sense of urgency and aspire to build a smooth and transparent recruiting process. These are our stages in the recruiting process: phone screen with a recruiter, resume review by Head of Software Engineering, 1-hour coding session, and final interview with CEO. We reserve the right to add additional selection stages to the process depending on the specific skills of each candidate.What are we doing:
 
Our sophisticated system has multiple parts, including but not limited to payment gateways, live chats, and video streaming technology. Every contribution here is of high impact and affects the experience of millions of users using the site every day. 
 
We always explore new ways to use cutting-edge tech stack and move toward modern micro-services based architecture. 
 How we build the product:
 What will you do:
 
Mainly, you will be participating in brainstorming to figure out the best technical solutions to achieve the goals set by the management. As a top-notch software engineer in our team, you will be accountable for building comprehensive technical solutions with high quality-standards and practicing clean coding styles. The day-to-day tasks may include building new features for the site, fixing existing bugs, and refactoring/optimizing existing code to deliver the best consumer experience for both users and broadcasters worldwide. 
 
In particular, you will be designing web application components using our internally built TypeScript framework and ensuring its performance, quality, and responsiveness. This includes working on features that are supported across all major web browsers, mobile devices, smart TVs, and video consoles. 
 
We value an initiative and are willing to support you in making appropriate technical decisions. 
 A degree in STEM and/or relevant professional experience 
 Solid knowledge of programming fundamentals - algorithms, data structures, design patterns, and paradigms 
 Extensive experience of the JavaScript/TypeScript languages 
 Expert knowledge of web development with a deep understanding of inner workings of major browsers, including how they render HTML/CSS and their Javascript runtime environment 
 Proven problem-solving and fast-learning skills 
 A strong team of A-players 
 Opportunity to make an impact on the highly popular product 
 Freedom to bring the ideas to the table and to make technical decisions 
 Support and guidance of the highly professional and knowledgeable team 
 Flexible working environment and WFH policy 
 Health&Life insurance with dental and vision plan 
 401k matching 
 Paid holidays, vacation and sick days 
 Paid lunches 
 What does the recruiting process look like:
Description 
 Requirements 
 What will you bring: 
 What will you receive: 
 Benefits 
 Perks&Benefits: 
|
128b92f8ea8deea0 |Software Development Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The team here at Apple is building services and frameworks empowering Apple’s software engineers to build the products our customers love! We are a fast moving, highly skilled but small team designing and building the foundational technologies that underpin Apple’s server-side products! Our systems have to scale globally, stay highly available, be secured, easy to use and "just work”. That's a tall order, and we're looking for passionate engineers who love dealing with such challenges. If this is something of interest, we'd love to hear from you.|
8597025e50de2b7e |Software Billing Engineer, Front End| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we’ve been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.
 The Billing Engineering Team is responsible to deliver an awesome buying user experience, enable self-serve actions to manage Billing and Services for the customers, Usage rating, build billing operation tools and reporting capabilities. Our goal is to create a unified Billing platform for Consumers and Partners, ability to sell Zoom products (standalone vs bundles, standard vs promotions/discounts, recurring vs usage) through Online and API. If you are motivated by delivering happiness, come join us at Zoom! This role is based out of our headquarters in San Jose, California.
 Responsibilities:
 Requirements:
 Check us out with a free download: zoom.us/download
 Zoom Video Communications is an equal opportunity employer and evaluates applicants regardless of an individual’s age, race, color, gender, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status. Our combined differences are what make us Zoom!Build and maintain Zoom’s Online eCommerce Flow, Middleware & Third-party Integration and Service provisioning solutions
 Responsible for the design, development and maintenance of the Zoom Billing Web project front end
 Participate in product discussion and UI design, cooperate with UI team to design system interaction process and achieve UI effect
 Utilize Agile Software Methodology to deliver solutions iteratively and produce high quality technical design documents that utilize UML diagrams and design patterns
 Develop tools to automate Billing System operations and deliver Business System capabilities to optimize Finance and Billing Support teams business processes
 Collaborate with other Enterprise Systems teams to deliver end-to-end solutions utilizing Billing, CRM, CPQ, Taxation and Payment systems
 Triage critical customer issues and provide technical guidance to resolving issues in Production environment
 Analyze and optimize program performance, and monitoring
 BS/MS degree Computer Science or related area or equivalent experience
 2+ Years of experience in front-end development
 Proficient in JavaScript, ECMAScript 6, HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, bootstrap, Sass / LESS and other front-end development technologies
 Experience in Vue, Angular, or other front-end MVC frameworks
 Experience in front-end automation testing, and unit testing
 Experience with Java Servlets and RESTful API
 Experience developing, maintaining and innovating large scale, consumer facing web or mobile applications
 Experience with SaaS Billing, Rating, Provisioning and Reports development is a plus
 Full Stack experience is preferred
 Passionate for continuous learning, keen on technology, like to study hard, with GitHub or personal technology blog preferred
 Understands complex workflows and develop validate innovative solutions to solve difficult problems
 Strong design and coding skills
 Excellent Verbal and written communication skills preferred
|
f389c20b627285f9 |Backend Engineer - Java| - |Fremont, CA| |
  US-CA-Fremont  Full Time  Experienced  No  21/08/2020, 3:00:39 AMNeed lead engineers with at least 8 yrs of experience working in fast paced scalable environments 
Core Skill Sets :
 
 
 
Primary Location : 
Schedule : 
Job Type : 
Travel : 
Job Posting :Java 
 
Node JS, Java Script 
 
Raptor
 
 Oracle
 
 Experience in building web services and application at Scala
 
 Experience in multi-threaded and concurrency programming
 
 Knowledge in Kafka, No SQL, DBs, CI and CD 
 
Ability to work with remote teams 
|
eee2d54d45005a77 |Intern - Software & QA Engineer| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94089| |
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled.Job Summary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Job Requirements
 
 
 Experience
 
|
647c3973ecdd1f49 |Associate Gameplay Engineer| - |San Francisco, CA 94107| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 
 
 
 
 
 Job Description 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 
Additional Information 
 
 

Ubisoft is composed of over 18,000 talented people located in 55+ development studios and offices across the globe. With more than 80% of our teams dedicated to creation, Ubisoft is the biggest in-house creative force in the industry. 
Home to the North American Ubisoft headquarters since 1996, Ubisoft San Francisco opened its development studio in 2009 and since developed Rocksmith® and Rocksmith 2014, to teach millions of people how to play guitar and bass. With a song library of over 1,500 songs and 9 years of support the Rocksmith franchise helped millions of players around the world on their musical journey. In 2017, the studio released the critically acclaimed South Park™: The Fractured But Whole™, in collaboration with Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and South Park Digital Studios. The studio is currently working on two unannounced projects. 
Ubisoft’s worldwide network of video game development studios and business offices work hand-in-hand each day to deliver rich and innovative gaming experiences that reflect the creativity and diversity of their teams. This cross-studio collaboration model means every team member has the opportunity to participate in challenging projects based on iconic brands including Assassin's Creed®, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege®, Tom Clancy's The Division®, For Honor®, Rabbids®, Rayman®, Watch Dogs®, Far Cry®, The Crew®, Just Dance® and more. Ubisoft is a global leader in the video games and entertainment software industry. 
Ubisoft is committed to enriching player’s lives with original and memorable gaming experiences. We create worlds where people can express themselves, explore and discover new possibilities. 
Are you looking to work with enthusiastic experts who are tackling game-changing challenges in entertainment and beyond? At Ubisoft, we offer an open environment where bright ideas are given a chance to shine and everyone is eager to share knowledge. 
Take entertainment to the next level. Join us and create the unknown. 
When you’re a Gameplay Engineer at Ubisoft San Francisco, you have direct influence over the game content and the quality of the game experience. You’ll work with the lead gameplay engineer to implement gameplay features and game content. You will collaborate with the game’s design team to create fun experiences for our players. 
During the game’s development you’ll focus on building the core features that our players will interact with: character abilities, world events, game modes, etc. You’ll be working to make sure that the game is as fun and accessible as possible, while ensuring that the features are sustainable and extensible. 
As a dependable member of a cohesive online game team, you will participate in the design, coding, testing, integration, and debugging of the game’s features. You care about providing our players with the seamless online playground they deserve. 
WHAT YOU'LL GET 
Ubisoft is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that reflects the diversity of our player community. We are an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or disability status and will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
WHAT YOU'LL DO 
Work with the engineering team to develop gameplay features and systems 
Collaborate with the design team to ensure features match expectations 
Maintain and extend documentation on gameplay-oriented features and systems 
Self-manage programming task schedule updates and coordinate with production team 
Work with design team to ensure that gameplay systems are used properly 
Document systems and procedures 
Support the features you create up to and after the game’s release 
WHAT YOU'LL BRING 
An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related area 
C/C++ development and optimization skills 
1-2 years of experience programming 
Experience working in groups 
Ability to collaborate with designers and artists 
Medical, dental, and vision coverage 
Employer HSA contribution (with enrollment in a HSA eligible medical plan) 
401k match 
Paid vacation, holiday and sick time 
Fitness, physical, and esports challenge reimbursements 
Rocket Lawyer online legal service membership 
Paid parental leave 
Paid time off to volunteer 
Pawternity – paid time off to bond with a newly adopted pet 
Sabbatical leave available after five years of employment 
Generous discount on new Ubisoft games|
67f29781bdc0ff00 |Associate Software Engineer, Physics - Shared Game Engine| |Blizzard Entertainment| |Irvine, CA 92618| |
Associate Software Engineer, Physics - Shared Game Engine 
R002167 
Unannounced Project
How would it feel for your contributions to have a major impact across all game development at Blizzard? This is your chance to find out! Blizzard Entertainment is developing a modern, cross-platform game engine to share across all of Blizzard and power the future of Blizzard games. This new project advances technology both at Blizzard and in the gaming industry. You’ll join a collaborative team of experienced and highly skilled game developers who will work with game teams across the company to deliver a truly epic game engine. Get in early and help shape the future of gaming. Are you in? 
We have an amazing opportunity for an Associate Software Engineer to influence the future of physics and collision as part of the Shared Game Engine team. As a contributor, you will be working with one of the industry’s greats on Blizzard’s physics and collision engine. Our team is highly collaborative, and you’ll interface with multiple disciplines as you help develop and refine key systems. 
Review the requirements below and drop us a line if the prospect of bringing future Blizzard games to a whole new level speaks to your experience and skillset and appeals to your passion and creativity. This is a full-time position on Blizzard’s main campus in Irvine, CA. 
 
  We’ve transitioned to a work-from-home model and we’re continuing to interview and hire during this time. This role is expected to begin as a remote position. We understand each person’s circumstances may be unique and will work with you to explore possible interim options. 
 
ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS 
QUEST OBJECTIVES 
LEVEL REQUIREMENTS 
RECOMMENDED TALENTS 
QUEST ITEMS 
**Only submittals with cover letters will be considered 
ON BLIZZARD CULTURE 
Blizzard exists in a hyper-creative atmosphere, curated by talented professionals serious about getting the most out of themselves and our culture. Our philosophy on culture fit is pretty simple: we want people who are enthusiastic about what they want to do for a living, and excited to come in every day to learn and contribute. Ours is a highly collaborative environment, and we’re drawn to like-minded people who love knowledge-sharing and thrive in a team setting. Being part of a team also means communicating effectively and maintaining an open mind - one that is receptive to feedback and able to adapt and grow. Your hobbies and interests can also play in your favor. Passion for technology, gaming, game development, and in-depth knowledge of Blizzard games, products and services will always be a plus with us, regardless of the position you’re applying for. Be passionate about who you are, be into our industry, and be willing to go all-in and embrace this opportunity to the fullest. 
 
Blizzard Entertainment is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.Job Title: 
Requisition ID: 
Job Description: COVID-19 Hiring Update: 
Currently enrolled in a US college or university 
Graduating between December 2019 – August 2020 
Authorized to work in the US 
Work closely with partner game teams and the engine team to create and support exciting in-game experiences. 
Develop new functionality and make the physics and collision engine shine. 
Strong mathematics skills, including proficiency in linear algebra, calculus, and differential equations 
Experience or knowledge of three-dimensional rigid body dynamics, collision detection, and computational geometry 
Experience or knowledge of code and data optimization 
Experience with C++ 
A passion for video games 
Computer science, applied math, physics or related degree 
Experience with multi-threaded programming 
Resume and cover letter 
Team Name:|
1a27a0362081c250 |Software Algorithm Engineer| - |Santa Clara, CA 95054| |

Requirements: Master’s in Computer Science or related field and six months intern or work experience in CMOS sensor field, including image processing, quality tuning, measurement, testing, using C/C++, Matlab, Python, IDE, and in Linux OS.Develop and improve new color image processing algorithms for image sensor pipeline 
Research and develop color image processing algorithms for HDR image. 
Design, implement and maintain sensor image processing pipeline. 
Cooperate with other teammates to implement their algorithms in the pipeline. 
Test and tuning existing image processing pipeline 
Performing analysis, modeling and simulation of imaging pipeline. 
Image quality tuning and measure 
Algorithm documentation|
8fe82c964c775044 |Web Application Engineer| - |San Jose, CA 95125| |
 
 
 
 These positions can be hired remotely in most states for US based candidates Job_Description_Summary: The Checkout Web Team builds experiences used by millions of merchants and shoppers across the globe, and our team is on a mission to provide smarter, more tailored experiences to all of our users. PayPal has been at the forefront of building global scale Node.js applications and is continuing to be a pioneer in the digital payments realm. Our passionate engineers are continually questioning assumptions, experimenting with new technologies and architectures, and collaborating to create engaging and innovative payment experiences. We're looking for talented, motivated JavaScript application developers with a passion for building beautiful products and experiences. Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.Remote locations available: 
If the following attributes sound like you, come join our exceptional team: 
I've been writing modern JavaScript for 3+ years, and I'm very familiar with things like React, state management, and Node.js. 
I care about writing high-quality code, and I've written my fair share of tests. 
I've used or am familiar with GraphQL. 
I understand how different devices and form factors impact web applications. 
I'm passionate about creating beautiful user experiences. 
I'm a problem solver, and I enjoy working both independently and collaboratively to get to the root cause of any issue. 
When you join our team, here are a few things you'll be doing regularly: 
Contribute to the design and development of existing and new digital payment experiences using React, Node.js, GraphQL, and many other modern web technologies. 
Actively participate in our architectural decision-making process. 
Follow and be a strong advocate for clean and scalable coding principles. 
Collaborate with product, design, and analytics team members to better understand what our customers need, and why. 
Continuously learn and share your knowledge and experience across our team and others.|
39aca1fda0af8ad4 |Principal Software Test Engineer| - |Palmdale, CA 93550| |Engineering 
 
 
 
Climb to new heights on your journey when you start Defining Possible with Northrop Grumman. Enjoy a purposeful career in aeronautics that is crucial to the way we connect and protect our world across land, sea, and air. Bring your experience and take advantage of this opportunity to discover how you can start to push past possible and achieve your goals today. Enjoy a diverse, collaborative environment with professionals across the nation ready to help launch your career. 
 
Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems has an opening for a Principal Software Test Engineer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in Palmdale, CA. 
 
The selected candidate should thrive in a fast-paced work environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, collaborative/team settings across all levels. Candidate must be comfortable in a lab environment and be able to collaborate closely with system engineers, hardware designers, and software engineers. 
 
Qualifications: Essential Functions:
Analyze requirements allocated to computer software configuration items (CSCI). 
Design, development, maintenance and execution of automated software tests for qualification of embedded software products|
6352b59a995a5d04 |Senior Software Engineer| - |Burlingame, CA 94010| |
 

Lyra is transforming mental health care through technology with a human touch to help people feel emotionally healthy at work and at home. We work with leading companies, such as Starbucks, Morgan Stanley, Facebook, Uber and other Fortune 500 companies, to deliver instant access to effective, high-quality mental health care for their employees and their families. Our innovative digital care platform and elite provider network offers life-changing mental health care to more than 1.5 million people today. Founded by David Ebersman, former CFO of Facebook and Genentech, Lyra has raised more than $275 million from leading investors, including Addition, Adams Street, Venrock, Greylock, Glynn Capital, Tenaya Capital, IVP, Meritech, and others. 
We’re looking for exceptional engineers to join our team. We care deeply about making a difference in people’s lives and hope you do too! 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability.|
81f34359c8602ee6 |Software Engineer (Intermediate) Graduate| - |Roseville, CA| |
 
1068657At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions and advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
 Learning does not only happen through training. Relationships are among the most powerful ways for people to learn and grow, and this is part of our HPE culture. In addition to working alongside talented colleagues, you will have many opportunities to learn through coaching and stretch assignment opportunities. You’ll be guided by feedback and support to accelerate your learning and maximize your knowledge. We also have a “reverse mentoring” program which allows us to share our knowledge and strengths across our multi-generation workforce. 
Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. 
Then let’s stay connected! 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_CareersDesigns limited enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools. 
Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on specific objectives and established project guidelines. 
Executes and writes portions of testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs issues with code and suggests changes or improvements. 
Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned systems portion or subsystem. 
Collaborates and communicates with internal and outsourced development partners regarding software systems design status, project progress, and issue resolution. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. 
Typically 2-4 years experience. Using software systems design tools and languages. 
Ability to apply analytical and problem solving skills. 
Designing software systems running on multiple platform types. 
Software systems testing methodology, including execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate design proposals and negotiate options. 
We offer: 
A competitive salary and extensive social benefits 
Diverse and dynamic work environment 
Work-life balance and support for career development 
An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it?
Responsibilities:
 
Education and Experience Required:
 
Knowledge and Skills:
|
f9f1f47c815a734b |Full Stack Software Engineer| Anaplan |San Francisco, CA 94108| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At Anaplan, we are looking for a self-motivated   to join our growing team in  and contribute as a member of the Global Engineering organization located across San Francisco, US, London, UK, and York, UK. 
As a Full Stack Engineer, you will be a part of a team working on the software and infrastructure used to power decision making and process management in Anaplan. In this role, you'll be building performant, accessible, and elegant web user interfaces for creating and managing business processes that our customers implement using our platform. 
We're looking for someone who thrives in a changing environment. Has a desire to develop a deep understanding of our system and excited to solve challenging problems at scale while delivering new capabilities to our rapidly growing number of customers. This role is an immediate full-time position. If you're ready to roll up your sleeves and tackle unique problems that no one is solving in the tech space yet, keep reading. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Do you align with Anaplan's Values? 
Explore all of our Values on Anaplan.com/careers 
#AnaplanLOVE 
We're building a truly unique technology. From our calculation engine and in-memory data store, to apps and predictive analytics; amazing technology is being developed every day. 
We're addressing a $100B/year problem that all global businesses face. Our mission is to break the traditional business planning mold, currently performed through spreadsheets or legacy systems. 
Anaplan's Connected Planning platform is enabling customers to improve decision-making by turning response time into real time. With 900+ customers and 175+ partners globally, Anaplan's platform is solving some of the most complex challenges in business. CEOs, analysts, and the press agree—Anaplan is changing the way the world does business. Learn about our history, see our recognitions and achievements, and take a look at what it's like to work at Anaplan. Get to know more about working at Anaplan by checking out our social channels. 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Instagram 
YouTube 
ANAPLAN.COM/CAREERS 
#LI-RM1FULL STACK ENGINEER  San  Francisco 
What you'll be doing: Write code that is high-quality, performant, sustainable and testable, and hold yourself accountable for the quality of the code you produce Coach and collaborate both inside and outside the team. You enjoy working closely with others, helping them grow by sharing expertise and encouraging best practices Explore design approaches to improve the user experience in a complex domain Work in a hybrid cloud infrastructure, considering the implementation of functionality through several distributed components and services Work with our stakeholders to translate product goals into actionable engineering plans  More about you: A strong background in fostering a culture of continuous delivery and agile development A deep understanding of the value of testing to deliver high-quality code Strong product and design sensibilities. You enjoy perfecting the details that matter 3+ years in modern JavaScript, HTML and CSS Experience in building reusable, and modular UI components and ensure cross browser compatibility. 3+ years developing, deploying, and supporting commercial web applications Familiar with WCAG/ARIA and how to build application based on these guidelines Deep understanding of the tradeoffs between front-end JavaScript libraries Knowledge and interest of current and emerging trends of the web platform Experience with building observability into applications to track usage and health Experience working closely with product management and UX teams to deliver the best solution to the problem at hand Strong communication and collaboration skills - you are pragmatic and know how to build trust Bonus points: Knowledge of business process modeling (BPMN) and related techniques Worked with process-oriented applications and workflow interfaces Experience working with search tuning/optimization Experience with Coveo/Elasticsearch Experience with OKTA/SSO technologies Technologies you'll work with: NodeJS Javascript/ES6 HTML5 GRAPHQL/REST CSS3 Sass What we offer: A rewarding, progressive career with a company that values diversity, flexibility and understands the need for a good work/life balance. Market-leading salaries combined with generous bonuses, equity and a range of comprehensive benefits. Regular agile meet-ups, events and hackathons (both attending and hosting!) 3 days of paid leave every year to help support the charity or cause of your choice. Huge problems to solve –you will constantly be learning and pushing boundaries, working with some of the most committed people around! 
Collaborative: We go out of our way to help others succeed 
About Anaplan: 
CAN'T FIND THE PERFECT ROLE FOR YOU? NEW OPPORTUNITIES ARE OPENING UP DAILY:|
bdf6b18c73022792 |Front-End Software Engineer| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |Machine Learning is a critical and growing part of Adobe’s products. We are building a new machine learning platform, called Adobe Sensei, that powers machine learning and AI across all of these products. This platform will enable thousands of applied researchers, millions of users, and billions of content pieces. The objective is to make machine learning offering a best-in-class, leading-edge, differentiating product in the Adobe ecosystem. We match the pace, innovation and excitement of a startup, backed by the resources and infrastructure of Adobe!
 A skilled front-end developer to be a part of our team, working with our ML scientists to prototype new experiences around the next-generation of search. These experiences will range from demos/proof-of-concepts to production-ready builds.
 At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
 If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.
 Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.
 At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
 If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.
 Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.Does this sound exciting to you?
 Developing creative ML products isn’t done in a vacuum. It requires expertise from across Adobe (Research, Product Management, Product Engineering (back-end and front-end), Design, and Applied Machine Learning). Getting these features right requires lots of iteration as we co-develop the ML algorithms and the user experience. It also requires UX imagination and creativity as we determine how to expose capabilities that most users will never have seen before.
 What we are looking for
 What you’ll do
 Write code to build new search experiences that interact with APIs that run a variety of search and ML-analysis algorithms
 Collaborate with researchers, scientists and product managers to refine the UX vision for these new experiences
 Propose and implement novel interfaces for integrating these experiences into products
 Work in a tight prototyping loop directly with our ML scientists to produce prototypes, demos, and proofs of concept
 Qualifications
 BS or MS in Computer Science, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Design, or related field
 5+ years of experience or shown experience in industry
 Skilled with HTML/CSS and Javascript
 Proven experience with React and familiar with Redux or MobX
 Hands-on experience interacting with databases, cloud APIs
 Proven experience with feature sets of modern web browsers, especially Chrome
 Confirmed portfolio of novel web experiences
 Highly inventive and flexible in working style
 Additional Job Description
|
c7ee9add2f4a3dcd |Software Engineer, Unreal Engine Tools Programer| |MeanCat Entertainment| |Los Angeles, CA| |Software Engineer, Unreal Engine Tools Programer About Mean Cat Entertainment Mean Cat Entertainment is a dynamic virtual production company, pushing innovation with entertainment technology. We are an all-in-one virtual production tools company, providing virtual cameras, real-time compositing tools, with precise lens calibration and sync, all with the freedom and portability of markerless positional-tracking. Our Core Engineering team experiments, develops and delivers cutting-edge technologies to empower our clients in the entertainment industry in their mission of telling compelling stories. Required Skills -2-3 years experience in Unreal Engine -C++ and Blueprints. -Strong portfolio in UI/UX interactive design -Experience working with distributed teams Job Description -Provide technical support to artists by maintaining and optimizing existing tools and creating new ones as needed. -Design and implement user interfaces for the UE editor and other tools. -Innovate and develop new ideas in all aspects of virtual production. -Self Driven work environment with the opportunity to meaningfully contribute to new technologies. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $50,522.00 - $120,178.00 per year Benefits: COVID-19 considerations: Remotely distributed team with flexible hours. Experience: Education: Work authorization: Work Location: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Job Is: Company's website: Company's Facebook page: Benefit Conditions:Dental insurance Flexible schedule Health insurance Paid time off Professional development assistance Vision insurance c++: 2 years (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Preferred) Fully Remote No: Not providing sponsorship for this job A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and location Open to applicants who do not have a high school diploma/GED A “Fair Chance” job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks) A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or more A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply meancatentertainment.com https://www.facebook.com/meancatentertainment/ Waiting period may apply|
b5f2756564084cd3 |Software Engineer, Traffic| - |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
 
 
Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It’s where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. As a Pinterest employee, you’ll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You’ll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping users make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet 
Pinterest’s Traffic team is seeking a software engineer to build and run our large-scale web production network to ensure Pinterest’s site reliability. You’ll design, build, and maintain our Pinner-to-Pinterest and Service-to-Service Traffic management systems and infrastructure that handle billions of page views per month. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 #LI-SG1
What you’ll do Design, implement and deliver software and infrastructure to improve the scalability, availability, and efficiency of traffic management services Implement and integrate next generation protocols like HTTP/3 Optimize CDN selection based on availability, performance, and cost Modify HTTP caching configuration to ensure high cache hit rates for Image and Video content globally Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards, and methods for large-scale distributed systems, with a focus on performance Collaborate with the performance team on new product features and performance regressions Perform deep dives into performance of services, partnering with cross-functional software and systems engineers to scale and speed up traffic management platforms and technologies What we’re looking for: 4+ years experience and/or relevant industry experience preferred Experience with Layer 4 load balancers and Layer 7 routers in high scale environments Proficient in any of Python, Go, C++, Javascript Experience developing and debugging networking protocols (HTTP, SSL, and TCP) Strong knowledge of Linux|
5f9cff4ce5c4e659 |Software Engineer - Reporting/Analytics| - |Fremont, CA| |
 

 
 Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
35191fff2ca8c7f4 |Automation / Software Engineer Palo Alto, CA| - |Palo Alto, CA 94301| |
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com. 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
MTS – Automation Software Engineer 
VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 500,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud Era by simplifying, automating and transforming the way they build, deliver and consume Information Technologies. Our team of 15,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today. Learn more at www.vmware.com/careers. 
VMware’s world-class, award-winning R&D team is comprised of thousands of top-notch computer scientists and software engineers that are transforming computing through virtualization. Members of the R&D team voice their creative ideas and watch them become initiatives, participate in exciting short-term and long-term products on the VMware roadmap, initiate advanced research projects, and/or write and test code that ships. At VMware, our engineers continue to learn and grow by working with top professionals from around the world and recent graduates of top universities and by taking advantage of our extensive internal training opportunities and generous external education assistance program. R&D team members work on the latest computing equipment and have access to the ACM and IEEE libraries. VMware has R&D offices in: Silicon Valley; Cambridge, MA; Broomfield, CO; Sofia, Bulgaria; Aarhus, Denmark; London, UK; Herzliya, Israel; Bangalore, India; and Beijing, China. 
Engineers interested in problem solving, developing testing tools, and hardware and software interoperability get to design automated tests to find bugs in our products or design plans to ensure that the products operate efficiently with all hardware and software systems. They work with the latest hardware, software and devices to ensure that our software executes flawlessly. They design and build test infrastructure, including automation framework and tools, coverage analyzers, and custom test tools. 
Test core components of enterprise-class virtualization platform including: developing and writing test cases for new product features; manual and automated test execution to verify virtualized software systems, reporting test results and product quality assessments; collaborating effectively with local and remote teams for automation, efficient test execution and reporting, as well as with developers and other QA team members to help ship very high quality products; and, reviewing product documentation. 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
We will need an experienced developer in test engineer to: 
 
 
COMPETENCIES: 
 
 
DESIRED SKILLS: 
 
 Engineering and Technology 
 Quality Engineering 
 Manager and Professional 
 Full Time 
 No 
  2020-08-19Posting Title 
About Us 
Why work for our Division 
Why work with our group 
Job Description 
Category :  Subcategory:  Experience:  Full Time/ Part Time:  Work From Home:  Posted Date:Define test strategy and develop test plans for virtualization and cloud infrastructure platform domain of company's infrastructure platform product Automate the end to end scenarios by integrating various different components into an overall architecture so that they can be packaged, deployed, and run most efficiently part of the continuous test runs Set project milestones, prioritize individual tasks, and keep track of progress to ensure on-time project delivery Work with cross-functional teams in testing and development, and contribute actively in individual test design specification and code-reviews May provide technical guidance and lead discussions with fellow test developers May manage activities to meet delivery dates and report accurate and complete status of test development Maintain current knowledge of new methodologies, tools, and mechanisms, for test development efficiency and effectiveness Bachelors or Master degree in Computer Science or related field Less than 5 years experience in testing and releasing enterprise level software products. Understanding of OS/kernel internals and their interaction with hardware virtualization including memory management, resource management, CPU scheduling and device drivers Solid understanding of operating system fundamentals, administration knowledge of UNIX/Linux OSes Excellent in Python, Go programming; experienced in C is a plus Software Engineering (QA methodologies) Test Automation Linux & Windows system administration Experience in developing automation framework and testing Strong trouble shooting and debugging skills to find the root cause A good understanding of software development life cycle Experience with bugs filing systems and source control systems Excellent communication skills required Self motivated and be able to work independently Good team player Familiarity with VMware products – ESXi platform and its APIs provided in SDKs|
3c8cd939fcd1db89 |Software Engineer (Java/Druid)| |Calypso Way| |San Francisco, CA| |Title: Sr. Software Engineer (Java/Druid) Location: Remote/San Francisco, CA Terms: 12+ month contract Required Skills: This person will: APPLY NOW Job Type: Contract Pay: $116,159.00 - $218,512.00 per year Schedule: Experience: Education: Contract Length: Work Location: Benefit Conditions:5+ years of experience with Java 1+ year of hands on Druid experience C++ experience is a plus Must have experience working with distributed / column-oriented / real-time analytics data store. (Eg. Hbase, MongoDB, Cassandra, Prometheus, and Elasticsearch) Must have working experience with high performing scalable distributed services. Independently design and implement complex features in our tier 1 services or a new system, gather and incorporate feedback within the team and across relevant teams Debug and resolve production issues in our in-house and open source storage services such as Druid. The updates should be feature rich, easily scalable, and reliable and should work well with huge load. Monday to Friday hands on Druid: 5 years (Preferred) java: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) 1 year Fully Remote Only full-time employees eligible|
a24086413d4ee205 |Software Engineer III| - |West Hills, CA| | Software Engineer III Requisition ID: 126673BR When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. Location/Division Specific Information West Hills, CA || Transplant Diagnostics How will you make an impact? As a member of the external software development team, you will design and develop customer facing applications that translate scientific data into a rich graphical user interface.
 
The software provides the analyst with a wide range of analytical tool to facilitate examination and reinforce decision making. What will you do? * Design and develop software applications of high quality; following good software development practices. * Design and develop Win-From applications with emphasis on security, performance, scalability, and quality.
 
 
Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.Job Title: 
 
 
 
 
Write, test, and deliver high-quality software and documentation. * Develop business logic and services in C#.net * Design, build, and create MS-SQL databases including tables, stored procedures, views, functions, etc. * Work with program management, software testers and technical writers. * Collaborate on external projects relative to new company-wide application initiatives or requirements. Performs additional duties as assigned. How will you get here?Education * Bachelor’s degree in a related field (computer science, information systems, etc.) or equivalent experience.Experience * 5+ years of formal C#.NET development. * Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) and software engineering foundations * Strong experience with developing MS-SQL objects (tables, stored procedures, views, etc.) * Experience designing and building RESTful APIs and Windows services is a plus. * Experience with Crystal report is a plus. Healthcare background highly preferred. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities* Ability to work in a fast-paced team-oriented environment. * Ability to work both independently and as part of a collaborative team. * Ability to multi-task effectively. Strong problem solving and analytical ability, ability to troubleshoot. * Excellent written, verbal communication and organizational skills. * Ability to collaborate with team members At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 70,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.|
2915c5159db8f1f9 |Software Engineer - ML Platform| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The Fraud, Engineering, Algorithms and Risk group is responsible for protecting Apple services, customers and developers from fraud and abuse. In this role, you will be tasked with building a next-generation ML platform to empower us to rapidly build and deploy complex features and ML models to production at Apple scale.|
8b42bfc2d289e353 |Software Engineer, Full Stack| Notion |San Francisco, CA 94110| |
 
 
 
 
 
 

We make software that anyone can mold and shape to take on every challenge — from taking personal notes to running large companies. Usually based in the Mission neighborhood of San Francisco, we've been building together since 2016 and are trusted by customers including Nike, Airbnb, Slack, Samsung, and more. We're excited to be growing a team as diverse and creative as the millions of people we reach worldwide, and a company where everyone can thrive. 
Remember the first time you solved a problem by programming? The delight and excitement you felt when it finally...worked? We want to deliver that experience to everyone by giving them the building blocks to create useful tools of all kinds—without needing to code. That's been the vision of computing pioneers since the 70s. Today, all the infrastructure is present, but we need your engineering to pull it off. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About  Us: 
About The Role: 
What You'll Do: You'll work with others to build new product features from start to finish: through conception, research, implementation, and maintenance. For example, you might build an editor for inline mathematical equations. You'll help improve performance and reliability, or polish existing features. For example, you might make it easier to select text across multiple paragraphs. You'll build internal tools to support simplicity and productivity for the whole team. This might include writing a script to import user feedback into Notion. What We're Looking For:  For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution, by yourself or with teammates. You're comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.  You can work with others to build and maintain quality user interfaces for a big audience, using Web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and a modern UI framework like React. If you've experienced the technical challenges of rapid growth, that's a plus.  You understand how parts of a system fit together—from the user interface to the data model. Experienced candidates should be familiar with relational database systems like Postgres or MySQL.  You care about the business impact of what you're building, and you prioritize projects accordingly. You're not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.  You think critically about the implications of what you're building, and how it shapes real people's lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.  To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but you're not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.  You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.  You understand when work is better, together. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same. Bonus Points: You're proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres. You've heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why we're big fans of their work. You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.Thoughtful problem-solving: Shipping quality user interfaces: Familiarity with the backend: Pragmatic and business-oriented: Put users first: Not ideological about technology: Empathetic communication: Team player:|
4c16f07a56c22f7b |Software Engineer| |Orbital Composites| |San Jose, CA 95112| |
Orbital Composites is looking for an experienced SW Developer/Engineer. The person in this role will act as a Intermediate level Java and Micro Service Development Engineer and will be involved in and responsible for   for the development and release of products for Industrial Robotics based 3D-printing solution that is based on   and relevant to both  . The person also will be responsible for setting up system and products in different networking setups including LAN and WAN.Must be eligible to work in the United States. SW Design, Development, QA and Documentation micro-services architecture cloud and on premise 
Responsibilities 
Requirements 
Recommended
Understanding and development of Microservices based Systems Product Architecture and Design 
Understand user requirements and break down into tasks and work on developing the functionality in Java, Springboot, Postgres 
Perform unit, integration and systems testing over LAN and Internet using various networking configuration 
Deploy, set up, and run Orbital products using different networking configurations 
Write unit and integration test cases 
Write technical documentation for use by other developers, testers and support personnel 
Participate in code reviews and refactoring 
Attend scrum meetings 
Collaborate with other team members 
5+ year development experience in developing Micro services based SW development in Java, Python, Springboot, Shell Scripting. 
Experience in developing SW using Database (Postgres, MySql etc..) 
Knowledge of Web based UI development using Java Script, Angular, html5, CSS, Unity and WebGL 
Knowledge of UNIX, LINUX, MacOS, Windows and other OS 
Knowledge of Networking (LAN and Internet) and Cloud. This includes working knowledge of TCP/IP, Socket programming, Routers and Switches, Sockets, tools/utilities such as LDAP, Firewall, netstat, DHCP, Ping, traceroute, SSH, SCP, FTP etc.. 
Working knowledge of User Management, Authentication and Role based Access Control 
Experience in using IDE and source code control system for building and configuring SW release 
Knowledge of CAD and CAM using SOLIDWORKS 
Knowledge of 3D printer slicing by Cura and others. 
Knowledge and experience in Robotics and control system development and programming is a plus 
Experience in AR/VR is a plus|
31ba1a17fd74f673 |Software Test Engineer| - |Palmdale, CA 93550| |Engineering 
 
 
 
Climb to new heights on your journey when you start Defining Possible with Northrop Grumman. Enjoy a purposeful career in aeronautics that is crucial to the way we connect and protect our world across land, sea, and air. Bring your experience and take advantage of this opportunity to discover how you can start to push past possible and achieve your goals today. Enjoy a diverse, collaborative environment with professionals across the nation ready to help launch your career. 
 
Northrop Grumman Aeronautic Systems has an opening for a Software Test Engineer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in Palmdale, CA. 
 
The selected candidate should thrive in a fast-paced work environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, collaborative/team settings across all levels. Candidate must be comfortable in a lab environment and be able to collaborate closely with system engineers, hardware designers, and software engineers. 
 
Qualifications: Essential Functions:
Analyze requirements allocated to computer software configuration items (CSCI). 
Design, development, maintenance and execution of automated software tests for qualification of embedded software products|
427ed46c45d56321 |Fullstack Software Engineer| - |San Francisco Bay Area, CA| |
 
 
 
 

 
 
Fountain is the high-volume hiring platform empowering the world’s leading brands to streamline and scale their recruiting function. Our mobile-first platform keeps candidates engaged and reduces drop-off via built-in automated scheduling, text and email reminders. Candidates can apply anytime, anywhere in minutes, right from their phone. It enables on-the-go hiring managers to move quality talent through the pipeline, reducing time to fill. Fountain provides local, regional, and company level analytics to make data-driven decisions. Our drag-and-drop workflow allows for quick changes to accommodate fluctuations in hiring needs. Fountain’s global customers hire over 1.2 million workers annually in 78 countries. 
Founded in 2014, we are a young company backed by top investors, including Y Combinator, SoftTech VC, Crosslink, Origin Ventures, and many others. We have raised over $33 million in funding, and with over 55 employees, we are excited to grow our team and find others who are looking to make a dent! 
 
Unlimited PTO & Flexible work hours 
Catered lunches 
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage 
Wellness/Gym reimbursement 
Commuter benefits 
Phone stipend 
Learning and development stipend 
Fully-stocked kitchen with healthy snacks and drinks 
Team-building events, off-sites, and happy hours 
Light-filled workspaces that encourage collaboration and innovation 
Office located in SF steps away from BART and public transportation 
401K Plan 
*Fountain is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer—M/F/D/V*Perks & Benefits:|
ef2e89b671989ebe |Associate Software Engineer| - |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative and thrive in a fast-paced environment. 
Unlimited Vacation, Paid Sick Days & Holidays* 
100% Employee Covered Medical, Dental, Vision Plan Base Plan* 
Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More* 
Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens 
Onsite Gym & Wellness Activities (Yoga & Zumba)* 
Happy Hours 
Company Events 
Dog-Friendly* 
We are currently searching for an exceptional  to join our SF-based Engineering team! In this role, you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the games industry’s best developers, game designers and creatives, building on world-class mobile games! Our Eng team is the backbone of our games, building on experiences like Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery, Panda Pop and Vineyard Valley. 
Jam City is an award-winning mobile entertainment studio providing unique and deeply engaging games that appeal to a broad, global audience. 
 Led by CEO Chris DeWolfe, former MySpace co-founder and CEO, and COO Josh Yguado, former 20th Century Fox executive, Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest-grossing and most enduring mobile games. Jam City’s global franchise Cookie Jam has generated more than half a billion dollars, and Panda Pop has more than 120 million downloads to date. 
 The company also is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative-rich mobile games around iconic entertainment brands. The company’s popular RPG game Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery was the #1 game in more than 40 countries at its launch in April 2018. 
 Jam City has nine studios located in Los Angeles (HQ), Berlin, Buenos Aires, Bogotá, Burbank, Cedar Falls, San Diego, San Francisco, and Toronto.
PERKS & BENEFITS 
ABOUT THIS ROLE Associate Software Engineer  ABOUT JAM CITY|
acf8adff6f89185c |Software Engineer - Full-Stack, IXL Business Platform| - |San Mateo, CA 94404| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IXL Learning, a leading edtech company with products used by 10 million students worldwide, is seeking Full-Stack Software Engineers who have a passion for technology and education to help us add new features to our extremely successful educational products and build new, innovative products. 
The Business Platform team is responsible for code and tools needed to support our subscription-based business model. IXL's customer and support teams rely on the business platform daily as they work with customers. Our team is responsible for core user data, as well as account and product access provisioning. To support these goals, we build out integrations with databases and other systems used by our largest customers. We find it immensely satisfying to develop products that impact the lives of millions, and we are eager to have you join our team. 
International candidates encouraged to apply; H1B sponsorship is available. 
As a Full-Stack Software Engineer, you will build the back-end wiring, application logic, and UI that drive the site. You will find and use the best technologies to add features to our products, as well as to create new products. You'll be involved in all aspects of the development process and contribute to the entire code base – including design, coding, testing, debugging, and tuning. In addition to working with your fellow engineers, you'll collaborate with other teams to design amazing products that meet the needs of our users, who are students and teachers all over the world. 
Our server-side stack currently includes Linux, Apache, Java, Scala, Python, and Oracle. Inside browsers, we use a fair amount of JavaScript and CSS. Of course, the specific technologies and languages you use will vary by project and according to your own interests or specialization areas. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IXL Learning is a leading educational technology company on a big mission: creating innovative learning experiences that help all learners reach their full potential. IXL's comprehensive curriculum and insightful analytics help more than 500,000 teachers deliver personalized instruction, and empower over 10 million students to achieve new learning milestones every day. 
At IXL, we're passionate about our mission of creating the best educational technology that improves learning for  students. We bring that same passion to creating a workplace that values diversity on the basis that all of us bring a unique perspective and experience that advances IXL's mission. 
We strive to increase diversity in race, ethnicity, gender, age, sexual orientation, and physical or mental ability and to continually promote a work environment where everyone, from any background, can do their best work.
WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING 
TECHNOLOGY 
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR 1+ years of experience in software engineering Bachelor's or advanced degree in computer science or a related discipline A solid grasp of general programming principles Excellent programming skills in Java or other object-oriented language Ability to work both independently and with a wide variety of teams Knowledge of Unix, Java, SQL, JavaScript, CSS, or source control is a plus Passion for improving education through technology ABOUT IXL LEARNING all |
401d7688898122aa |Front End Engineer| - |East Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
Front End Engineer will be responsible for design, development, delivery and support of large-scale, multi-tiered, distributed software applications. 
 
In our team you will have the opportunity to: 
 
Inclusive Team Culture 
Our team is intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. We’re looking for a new teammate who is enthusiastic, empathetic, curious, motivated, reliable, and able to work effectively with a diverse team of peers; someone who will help us amplify the positive & inclusive team culture we’ve been building. 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual OrientationUndergraduate degree in Computer Science or related discipline; or equivalent experience Familiar with developing front-end software, with deep experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks (ReactJS, Vue, Angular, etc.) Familiar developing rich applications with HTML, CSS, JavaScript Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, such as Jasmine, Mocha, Jest or equivalent.Build fascinating new products Work directly with your customers and shape the vision of the web stack Create and drive metrics to measure complexity Brainstorm, prototype, test, and iterate on new ideas Work with the latest technologies and tools. See the positive impact of your work on real customers Brainstorm, design, and implement front end components and user experience for Kinesis Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design Computer Science fundamentals in data structures Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Ability to convert a design document into a working service with no loss in fidelity Advanced CSS skills Proficiency in at least one modern programming language such as Ruby, Java, C# or Python Analyzing application and user metrics to define our team strategy. 1+ years professional experience in software development|
7de665fe6bb3104b |Triage and Tools Software Engineer, FlashBlade| - |Mountain View, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Since our founding in 2009, Pure Storage has empowered innovators to build a better world with data. In less than eight years, Pure reached $1B in sales, faster than nearly every enterprise company in history, and our incredible growth continues to outpace the competition. 
Our mission? Deliver a simple, evergreen data platform that enables everyone to turn data into intelligence and advantage. The secret sauce? More than 3,000 team members (and growing!) around the world who join forces to invent the next big thing. And then the next one. 
The world is experiencing a revolution driven by next-generation technology like AI, machine learning, virtual reality, quantum computing, and self-driving cars—all of which require unprecedented amounts of data. This sets the stage for Pure's technology to grow exponentially in the coming years. , and as we continue to gobble up market share, we're blazing trails and setting records: 
 
 
 
 If you, like us, say "bring it on" to exciting challenges that change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark. 
Software Engineers on the FlashBlade Triage and Tools team debug issues on our hardware and software and build tools to improve the lives of developers across the business unit. The team is responsible for identifying newly discovered issues with the software and working with various development teams across the product to root-cause the issue and resolve it. The team is also responsible with building tools to make these diagnoses easier and more predictable. 
You will love it on the FlashBlade Triage and Tools team if the following excites you: 
 
 
 
 
You have an insatiable curiosity about how software and hardware work. A solid background in scripting, programming languages and software tools would serve you well in this role. In addition, you may identify with some of the following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pure is where you ask big questions, think differently, and make an impact. This is not just a job, but a place where you have a voice and can accelerate your career. We value unique thoughts and celebrate individuality, and with ample opportunity to learn, develop yourself, and expand into different roles, joining Pure is an investment in your career journey. 
Through our Pure Equality program, which supports a flourishing field of employee resource groups, we nourish the personal and professional lives of our team members. And our Pure Good Foundation gives back to local and global communities through volunteering and grants. 
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events. 
Pure is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at  . 
If you're wondering how or why Pure collects or uses information you provide, we invite you to check out our  . 
Some positions may require a deemed export license for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Please note: Pure does not currently sponsor deemed export license applications so we are unable to proceed with applicants requiring stated sponsorship.BE PART OF BUILDING THE FUTURE. 
We've only scratched the surface of our ambitions For five straight years, Gartner has named Pure   and in 2019, Gartner named Pure a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage. Our customer-first culture and unwavering commitment to innovation have earned us a 2019 Medallia  , certified by Owen CX,  . Pure puts a  , investing 26% of revenue into R&D. 
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT THIS CHALLENGE... Enjoy detective work and want to understand what is the underlying cause of a strange behavior in the system Like building software tools in scripting and programming languages to make your (and everyone else's) life better Have the desire to improve the way development processes and systems work WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BRING TO THIS ROLE... A minimum of 2 years experience using Python, Bash scripting or related programming languages Natural curiosity, obsessive attention to detail and innate troubleshooting skills Ability to analyze complex systems and describe in simplest terms Ability to drive issues to closure, ensuring that the right actions get prioritized Experience in coordinating with multiple development teams BS or advanced degree in CS/CE or equivalent experience BE YOU—CORPORATE CLONES NEED NOT APPLY. 
PURE IS COMMITTED TO EQUALITY. TA-Ops@purestorage.com 
APPLICANT & CANDIDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY NOTICE. Applicant & Candidate Personal Information Protection Notice 
DEEMED EXPORT LICENSE NOTICE.a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Solid-State Arrays Net Promoter Score in the top 1% of B2B companies premium on the future|
c48bcda93a7f7187 |Software Dev Engineer| - |Sunnyvale, CA| |
 
 
 
Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo and Amazon Show. The Amazon Devices group delivers delightfully unique Amazon experiences, giving customers instant access to everything, digital or physical. 
 
As a Software Development Engineer on the Device OS team, you will be part of a team that owns critical UI frameworks and develops using UI concepts - working on projects that push the boundaries of customer-device interaction. You will engage with an experienced cross-disciplinary staff to conceive and design innovative consumer product experiences. You must be responsive, flexible and able to succeed within an open collaborative peer environment. You will participate in designing, prototyping, and building solutions to hard problems in the Linux and Amazon ecosystem. 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us//Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of software development engineering experience, with at least one year of experience developing embedded applications 5+ years of experience in design and architecture, as well as familiarity with object oriented design patterns 5+ years of experience in coding in C/C++.Master’s or Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related field Experienced UI developer using frameworks and libraries (React Native, Skia or others) Experience developing for Linux Highly effective and able to thrive in a dynamic environment with multiple priorities Good interpersonal communication skill, including verbal, written, listening, and customer relationships|
cd57ac7f00e38443 |Software Engineer - Full Stack| - |San Mateo, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Apixio is a mission-driven data science company passionate to make the practice of medicine more science than art. We are looking for an experienced Sr. Full Stack Engineer, who shares our vision, to join our winning team and help us make a difference. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Improving healthcare outcomes requires access to the right data at the right time. Apixio is advancing value-based care with data-driven intelligence and analytics. Our AI solutions for risk, quality, and clinical insights unlock actionable information from administrative data and unstructured clinical information. The results drive better clinical decision-making and a smarter approach to healthcare. 
Our success is driven by a team of experienced, passionate, and fun engineers, data scientists, and business professionals working to solve complex problems with innovative AI technologies and techniques. Over the past year, we grew our client base by 20%, serving dozens of large health plans and provider groups nationwide. We're backed by top venture capital firms such as Bain Capital and SSM Partners, and led by a seasoned team of healthcare and technology experts. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When we return to the office: 
 
 
 
 
 For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see ourThe opportunity at Apixio: 
About you: You are smart, technically excellent and are equally passionate about frontend and backend systems You are a product focused engineer and enjoy building usable, visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces You enjoy connecting the dots in complex domains and care about designing the right API interfaces You have a drive to make the healthcare industry better Responsibilities You will be expected to collaborate with design and product management teams to brainstorm on product requirements, convert those requirements into our rich client layer, application components, UI widgets and workflows. You will be responsible for building and maintaining scalable and fault tolerant microservices. You would understand the right patterns of breaking up a problem domain into communicating microservices architecture. As a Sr. Engineer you will lead by example and help build a culture of technical excellence within the team. You will act as a tech lead for a small team of Software Engineers and take ownership over the quality of deliverables and reducing tech debt. You will be expected to gain expert understanding of our complex domain model. You will be encouraged to come up with strategies to simplify our models, identify and fix data redundancies and inconsistencies. Qualifications 3+ years of front end web development 2+ years of experience with Typescript and React 3+ years of server side development, especially building REST APIs 2+ years of experience with databases - both SQL and noSQL Experience collaborating with UX designers and product managers About Apixio 
What Apixio can offer you Meaningful work to improve the healthcare industry Competitive compensation, including pre-IPO equity Exceptional benefits, including medical, dental and vision, FSA 401k with matching Generous Vacation Policy Subsidized Gym membership/Wellness Program Catered lunches Monday-Friday Parties, picnics and Friday Happy Hour Free Parking Modern open office in beautiful San Mateo, CA  Privacy Notice|
979a1260b6882f40 |Senior Software Engineer (Wastewater Applications Development)| - |Oakland, CA| |East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) offers state-of-the-art computer systems and challenging assignments in a wide range of application development specialties. Senior Software Engineers (SSEs), in Applications Development, develop and maintain web based business applications using a variety of technologies. SSEs must be customer service oriented problem solvers, with the ability to work and produce high quality work products without excessive oversight. They should understand industry standards and best practices and be able to conform to these without issue. They must be able to collaborate with product owners, users, customers, team members, and other IT groups to gather requirements, plan work, develop, design, code, test, and produce user documentation. SSEs typically understand and are proficient in a breadth of technologies, including modern programming languages, architectures, databases, tools, and hardware. Technologies could include, but are not limited to, Ruby on Rails, .NET, Java, Coldfusion, Javascript, and/or SQL. The SSE must also be able to learn and understand the business, including business rules and functional requirements. The Wastewater group works with all departments within EBMUD and supports a wide variety of application domains. 
 
In addition to sharing EBMUD's values of stewardship, integrity, respect, and teamwork in their commitment to public service, the Senior Software Engineer must be knowledgeable about: 
 
The Senior Software Engineer must be able to: 
 
The ideal candidate will: 
 
The Senior Software Engineer monthly salary range starts at $10,196, increasing to $10,706, $11,241, $11,803, and $12,393 after 6, 18, 30, and 42 months, respectively. 
 
EBMUD is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender, gender identity (including transgender status), gender expression, marital or registered domestic partnership status, age for individuals age forty or older, national origin, ancestry, disability (mental or physical), medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, sexual orientation, military and veterans status, family or medical leave status, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation or related medical condition), pregnancy disability leave status, domestic violence victim status, political affiliation, and other categories protected by federal, state and/or local laws. 
 Requirements: 1. A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university (related majors such as computer science, information systems, and information technology are preferred). 
 
2. Three years of systems analysis and programming experience developing business applications for computer systems including one year at a level comparable to or higher than the EBMUD class of Software Engineer II. Experience must demonstrate use and expertise using modern, object-oriented principles and tools. Some positions may require additional experience or expertise in specific programming languages and/or IT specialties. 
 
Equivalent combinations of education and experience may be considered. To be considered under the “equivalent combination of education and experience” provision, it is your responsibility to include in your application materials written evidence of employment performed at the level of the typical duties of this position and/or coursework in subject areas directly related to this position. For more information, see our FAQ page at http://www.ebmud.com/jobs/job-resources/job-faqs-frequently-asked-questions/. 
 The Selection Process: 1. Submit a completed EBMUD application and the required supplemental question responses online at www.ebmud.com by 4:30 p.m., Friday, September 4, 2020. Only application materials submitted online during the filing period will be accepted. 
 
2. Candidates must achieve a passing score on each test part in order to advance to the next step in the selection process. 
 
3. All qualified applications and supplemental responses will be competitively evaluated, with those candidates receiving a passing score to be invited to a panel interview scheduled for October 2020. 
 
4. Successful candidates will be placed on the hiring list, based on rank, for further consideration to fill the current regular vacancy, as well as others occurring over the next 12 to 24 months. 
 
5. The probation period for this position is 12 months. For those holding civil service status the probation period is 6 months. 
 
6. All employment offers are conditional, pending the results of a Live Scan background screening. All selected finalists must participate in the Live Scan background screening process to remain in consideration for EBMUD employment. 
 Supplemental Information: As the first step in the selection process, responses to the supplemental questions must be submitted online with the regular EBMUD application. Please provide thorough, accurate descriptions of assignments you have personally performed. Should you respond with comments such as “see application” or “see resume” instead of addressing the questions directly, your application may not be considered.Oracle RDBMS. Web Development. Modern Programming Languages. Software Development Industry Standards and Best Practices. Standard web architectures. Web service calls. Learn new technologies. Learn complex business processes. Learn EBMUD business practices in order to identify and address user needs. Perform configuration management. Work closely with team members. Adapt to a rapidly changing and complex environment. Prepare complete and concise architecture and design, system and user documentation, and software user instructions. Explain systems to non-technical users. Define and develop new and enhanced systems and procedures. Draw logical and valid conclusions after analyzing complex procedures, processes, and data. Manage time to ensure that competing demands of multiple projects are effectively handled. Keep informed of current and long-range trends in the web and application development fields. Produce, follow, and track project schedules. Have experience with two or more development platforms including, but not limited to, Ruby on Rails, .NET, Java, Coldfusion, JavaScript, and/or SQL. Have experience installing and/or maintaining X-LIMS or other LIMS system. Have experience installing and/or maintaining Maximo or other work order system. Be proficient with web application design and architecture. Understand how to design a User Interface for usability. Understand Scrum and the software development lifecycle. Have effective data modeling skills. Understand Data Warehouse design and analytical reporting. Be an energetic, creative, self-starter. Be a flexible team player. Have excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work with all levels of staff individually and within teams. Have strong communication skills. Relish tackling and solving problems. Have experience working on various projects. Have large software implementation experience.|
7a17d95628e4af2b |Machine learning engineer| |BigHat Biosciences| |San Carlos, CA 94070| |5/1/2020 
 BigHat Biosciences is seeking an exceptional individual to spearhead BigHat’s machine learning capabilities focused on antibody engineering. 
 
Responsibilities will include: 
Compensation will include a competitive pay package, benefits, and equity commensurate with being among the first employees at a growth-oriented startup. Job title and compensation will be set based on successful candidate's experience, so we encourage applicants with a diverse range of experiences to apply.|
d2ef47b8b0d556c7 |Controls Engineer- Oakland, CA| |Phillip Riley| |Oakland, CA| |Controls Engineer - Oakland, CA Senior Software Engineer, Controls our client seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our team. We fundamentally change the way energy is delivered to electric vehicles, construction sites, film sets, and more. We build mobile, battery-based energy storage systems that provide clean and quiet power anywhere it’s needed. Our hardware includes an industrial IoT device with integrated sensors and onboard control systems. It is connected to a cloud-based analytics platform and remote-controlled through our customer-facing mobile and web apps. In this role, you will be responsible for creating software to monitor and control electric vehicle charging, which performs both low level and high level tasks – from interacting with components in the car charger hardware, to understanding charging interfaces used by automotive industry, to integrating with public charge networks via Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) and more. Our car charging systems utilize the OSGI framework using Java running on a Linux platform, plus various 3rd party components (e.g. BMS, DC-DC converters, meters, etc.), and more components running in the cloud. We write software to locally operate the car charger, communicate with cars and their owners, collect and analyze hundreds of metrics, and remotely manage deployed systems in the field. You will report to the Director of Software, working with the Controls team to implement solutions as well as best practices, ensuring that the whole team can continue to deliver high-quality, safe, well-tested solutions within a fast-paced startup environment. Responsibilities: Qualifications: Optional qualifications / pluses: Job Type: Full-time Salary: $125,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Design and implement new features for our car chargers and cloud services Work on improvements to software/firmware build & test infrastructure Create documentation to assist manufacturing, QA, operations and partners Perform code reviews Mentor junior engineers Extensive experience writing large, complex client/server applications in Java Strong in software development process and automated testing techniques Communicates very well – especially via writing & documentation Some professional experience with hardware, embedded systems and Linux Knowledge of power electronics, grid services, telecommunications Experience with CAN Bus standards Experience with Modbus protocol Experience with the OSGI framework Experience with Gradle and Groovy Experience with Python Knowledge of the CCS and/or CHAdeMO protocols 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Health insurance Life insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes https://www.philliprileyus.com/ Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
ace83967d6ce1574 |Software Engineer - Computer Vision| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94089| |We are seeking engineers and scientists interested in a fast-paced design-test-learn life cycle for innovative computer vision projects for space. Utilizing world-class space development and test facilities, LM seeks to engineer the next generation of robust, autonomous space vehicle perception and visible navigation solutions across a variety of challenging missions. Desired experience in and/or knowledge of feature detection, tracking, matching, 3D reconstruction from multiple views, optimization for estimation problems, optical calibration, optical radiometry, image simulation, pose estimation, and algorithm implementation in embedded platforms is desired. With an appetite for accepting risk and a drive for innovation, this team intends to employ the latest advances in machine learning, autonomous driving, and deep learning research to meet exciting, emerging customer needs. 
 
In this role, you can expect to be immersed within a talented team of engineers working across a variety of potential roles. Maturation of simulation environments across a range of phenomenologies are utilized for synthetic image generation. Simulation based performance analysis within a closed-loop simulation environment, inclusive of vehicle guidance, navigation, and control (GNC) simulations, demonstrates end-to-end mission capability. Porting C/C++ code to space-industry leading avionics platforms run within real-time hardware-in-the-loop (HWIL) environments enables the team to demonstrate platform performance. Test environments involving multiple robots hosting the rendezvous and proximity operation sensor platform and space object mockups enables test-like-you flight autonomous demonstrations to retire risk prior to flight. Within this group, we value employees, their contributions, and work hard to build cohesive teams aligned to meet mission needs. 
 
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 
 
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. 
 
 
 
job.Qualifications 
 
 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 
Experienced ProfessionalBasic Qualifications: 
Desired Skills: 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. EXPERIENCE LEVEL:Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition Fundamental understanding in Computer Vision C/C++ programming background Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Excellent team orientation Image Processing Feature detection, matching, and estimation Algorithm porting to VHDL Algorithm development|
293354506c2479fa |Software Engineer I| PriceSpider |Irvine, CA 92618| |PriceSpider is a retail technology company filled with talented people relentlessly driven to revolutionize the online shopping experience. We are the fastest growing Brand Integrity, Where-to-Buy and data services innovator, providing unmatched insights into online consumer purchasing behaviors around the globe. Our technology helps manufacturers, marketers, and retailers radically improve their marketing impact, retail sales, and revenues. Our clients use PriceSpider’s proprietary technology to crawl the web and power their tools to reveal the secrets of exactly what people buy—as well as where, when, and how. We continue to push the boundaries of our technology to create amazing user experiences for both our clients and their consumers. Today PriceSpider is helping nearly 1,500 brands around the globe. This full-time engineering position will be responsible for designing, building and maintaining web-applications and services. You’ll listen to and translate product needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with our product team and our executives to ensure a smooth implementation. As a Software Engineer you will play a major role in developing, deploying and supporting our cloud-based applications. Your willingness to play different roles as needed should thrill you versus frustrate you. Some days you’ll be working closely with the entire team. Other days you’ll be focused on a single task by yourself. It’s energizing and tiring. This position is based in Irvine, CA. We are looking for local candidates who thrive in a highly collaborative, innovative, fast-paced environment. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: Work Remotely:Essential Function & Responsibilities:  Responsible for the development and deployment of various web-applications and services Build, maintain, and manage codebase to ensure a high level of functionality and quality Active involvement in daily standup Ability to collaborate with team and fulfill business requirements Mentor team members in areas of expertise Contribute to design decisions, new technology, and best practices Research optimal solutions and provide recommendations Writing documentation, system diagrams, and health tracking metrics Independently execute on assigned tasks, while raising up concerns during implementation Consider abstract code redundancy, overall system design, and best practices when creating and approving code Minimum Qualifications:  Computer Science degree or equivalent work experience Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals including algorithms, complexity analysis, data structures, information architecture, functional programming, and object-oriented analysis and design Understanding of web services and protocols Well versed in all web development fundamentals: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery, DOM, JSON, REST, Ajax, XML, HTTP, TCP, DNS, SSL, etc. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed Experience coding with a variety of languages and paradigms Knowledge of one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: JavaScript, Go, C#, Java, or Python Experience with SQL, relational databases, and non-relational data stores Experience writing unit and integration testing suites Adept in working in other people’s code, refactoring, and git processes Able to thrive in a fast-paced, interrupt-driven environment with an emphasis on rapid iteration guided by group feedback Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal skills Minimum 2 years working experience as a software engineer or programmer Preferred Qualifications:  Project experience with any of the following: Node.js, Docker, Kubernetes, React/Redux, GraphQL, Webpack, Git, MS-SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis, RabbitMQ, Kafka Prior experience working with Google Cloud platform: BigQuery, Cloud Storage, Pub/Sub, etc. Familiar with modern, agile project methodologies including SCRUM and KanBan Location:  PriceSpider is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. 401(k) Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Flexible Schedule Flexible Spending Account Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Parental Leave Referral Program Vision Insurance Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19|
7a1639df8f1c23f6 |Software Engineer| |Amply Power| |Mountain View, CA 94043| |AMPLY is a fast-growing 2020 Global CleanTech 100 company, honored for Innovation in Electric Vehicle Fleet Charging and Management. We are an energy technology company going after an emerging $100B market opportunity. AMPLY is focused on transforming the commercial transportation sector by removing the challenges, surprises, and learning curve that fleet operators often face when switching to electricity as a fuel. The AMPLY product and engineering team delivers an IoT, cloud-native, distributed, real-time control platform, managing charging stations, electricity panel meters, local site controllers, electric vehicles and telematics devices. This is a full-time position based at our HQ office in Mountain View, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES AMPLY is looking for a seasoned platform/backend NodeJS developer with a demonstrated 3-5 years track record. QUALIFICATIONS About Amply AMPLY is redefining the EV charging market for private and public fleets, including autonomous driving fleets, transit bus agencies, municipal and private fleets. We are building the next level of charging as a service, taking complete ownership and control of the charging infrastructure, the scheduling of the vehicles, the cloud platform and the utility meter – in order to provide the highest availability and resilience in the market. In this way, we will accelerate the adoption of electric powered fleets by optimizing the delivery of power and making refueling seamless and efficient. In a high-powered application like vehicle fast charging, the difference between controlled, optimally balanced vs unrestrained EV charging could be 3x in cost from your local utility. Even more importantly, EV fleets, in particular when part of critical and close to real time business processes (for example in autonomous fleets) need to be scheduled for charging in specific time intervals. By taking control of the utility meter, optimizing EV charge rate and vehicle process flow, AMPLY provides the lowest cost of electric fueling possible in a given depot location or in-route stops. Our approach is to offer charging as a service, which is unique in the industry. We offer our customers a per mile driven usage rate. AMPLY provides the bulk of the upfront capital expenditures associated with the charging platform. AMPLY is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, age, disability, or any other legally protected status. Applicants Only – Recruiting agencies please do not contact. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work Location: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Building large scale Node.JS applications in real-time, event driven, distributed/transactional cloud/IoT platforms Developing API contract-first micro-services based SaaS platforms Building Cloud native (AWS), high availability/resilient applications Testing / deployment in a continuous integration and continuous development environment where you drive test driven development and enforce the 'do not break the build rule' right from the beginning Obsession of automation, creating self-healing, highly resilient software applications IoT / control system domain experience is an asset, ideally in the Electric Vehicle / charging platform space Writing high quality code for production and master the art of code quality Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 3-5 years of professional backend/platform software development experience in OO and event driven (IoT) server side, large scale projects 2+ years implementing backend/platform Node.js experience Experience with event-driven languages (python, scala) Working knowledge of AWS tools and services (ECS, managed db services like dynamo, lambda, api gateway, SNS SQS, multi-region setup, cloud front, cloud formation, CodePipeline) Demonstrated experience designing HTTP RESTful API-first contracts and microservices that have shipped Demonstrated experience maintaining continuous delivery pipelines Experience with Docker containerization and container orchestration Self-starter, has worked highly independently Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills 401(k) Dental Insurance Flexible Schedule Health Insurance Paid Time Off Vision Insurance Monday to Friday Node.js: 1 year (Preferred) software development: 1 year (Preferred) JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred) Master's (Preferred) One location Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented https://www.amplypower.com/join-us/ Waiting period may apply Temporarily due to COVID-19|
3f28fb357c72004a |Software Engineering Internship| |NanoVest, Inc.| |Silicon Valley, CA| |Did you know the technology transfer industry is filled with some of the smartest people in the world, yet only 17% of technology transfer institutions break even each year? NanoVest is a disruptive new startup, changing the way universities bring new and innovative technology to the market by reducing efforts needed for market research and improving access to results. The NanoVest Software Engineering Team is responsible for the design and development of the NanoVest research platform. The platform is built using Python and Flask. We are looking for full-stack developers with Python experience, who flourish in autonomy. We are looking for motivated team members who will take responsibility for their product development pipeline, from coding to the deployment of new products and features. Individuals with experience in NLP, ML, or have used Neo4j for research projects are preferred, but optional. At NanoVest, our systems are continually evolving to meet the needs of our high growth environment. Engineering Interns are encouraged to continue improving their skills to ensure that our platform can meet our clients' needs. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Internship Pay: $2,500.00 per month Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Application Question: Work Location: This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: This Company Describes Its Culture as: This Job Is: Company's website:Join the NanoVest Team! About the Role Participate in solution design and architecture Integrate front-end components into applications Manage testing and bug fixes Prepare technical documentation Collaborate with UX/UI designers to implement design into the code Fast, Independent Learning Requirements Preferred: Experience with Machine Learning, Natural Language Programming, or Neo4j 2+ years of experience writing Python Experience with AWS cloud offerings and how-to solution designs that are built around these technologies 3+ years of relevant experience in highly available, scale-able, and resilient architectures Awareness of broader micro-service ecosystem - 3rd party libraries, tooling, etc. Experience in deploying and maintaining enterprise-scale applications in production using CI/CD pipelines Our Ideal Candidate Eager to work with fellow developers, user experience designers, and product owners Lead by example, sharing freely and emphasizing transparency in decision making Continuously learn and improve, and constantly explore new languages, tools, and techniques Treat challenges as opportunities to advance your understanding You are an early adopter, and an inquisitive, critical thinker, always seeking to expand your knowledge and experience You have the confidence to question unclear requirements and make technical decisions independently if initial assumptions are proved false You seek to understand the business-level problems your work is addressing as well as the technical requirements Monday to Friday software development: 3 years (Required) Master's (Required) United States (Required) Please include your LinkedIn profile. Fully Remote Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or more https://nanovest.co|
3832c2665b066cd4 |Software Engineer - Experimentation Team| |eBay Inc.| |San Jose, CA 95113| |Do you want to be part of the team that architects the industry’s most powerful and innovative
 e-commerce technology stack? eBay’s Core Product Technology team is embarking on an exciting
 journey to transform itself and is determined to revolutionize the future of the e-commerce landscape.
 
Are you the kind that simply loves all kinds of technologies and wants things to “just work the right
 way”? Do you live and breathe creating “artistic” code and engineering designs that exude quality and
 encourage others?
 
Experimentation Platform Engineering team is looking for folks who live for coding and debugging
 complex problems across a range of technology stacks. Our focus is on providing the platform which
 eBay can leverage to experiment features on the web, mWeb, and Native app. We serve billions of calls a
 day and with low latency and enable Product Managers around eBay to shape their products.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementFor more information see:|
77ee03a42cbf9f6e |Software Test Automation Engineer| Supplyframe |Pasadena, CA 91105| |As a Software Test Automation Engineer, you will engage and interact closely with Product Management, QA Engineers and Software Development Teams to conceptualize and develop sophisticated test solutions and strategies. You will be responsible for building and maintaining test automation framework, coding, scheduling and reporting for our enterprise SaaS software. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: COVID-19 considerations: To keep our employees safe during COVID-19, we are working remotely. Experience: Education: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:SUMMARY REQUIREMENTS BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 3 to 5 years of experience in software test automation. Experience with building test automation framework, test automation scripting, scheduling and reporting using modern testing tools/frameworks. Analyzing test scenarios and design automation scripts. Maintenance of existing automation scripts. Experience with QA strategies such as UI and API level testing. Experience in troubleshooting and performance tuning of large-scale systems. Experience in JavaScript and Node.js. Experience with JIRA. Demonstrated experience in test planning, design, test strategy and test execution of highly complex systems Ability to design, plan and document Test plans, testing conditions, test scripts, and test data sets to ensure appropriate and adequate coverage and control. Intermediate to Expert level Experience with REST API driven Automation Familiarity with the latest Test Automation tools (e.g. Selenium WebDriver, Nightwatch.js, JMeter, JUnit, PyTest, Hibernate, React, TestNG, etc.) BENEFITS Competitive salary and bonus program in an entrepreneurial environment. Top-notch health, dental, and vision insurance. Stock options in a fast-growing tech company. 401k plan with matching contribution. Generous paid time off plan plus paid holidays. Frequent company-sponsored lunches, happy hours, fun events, and plenty of snacks and drinks. Supplyframe is an equal opportunity employer LGBTQ+ and BIPOC friendly. 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday software test automation: 3 years (Required) Bachelor's (Required) https://supplyframe.com/ Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
e4d8648790c79a71 |Hardware and Software Testing Engineer| |LensLock, LLC| |Poway, CA 92064| |Job Overview LensLock. is one of the fastest growing companies in the body, in-car, and fixed camera in this booming technology space. We are hiring a talented Quality Assurance professional to join our engineering team. If you're excited to be part of a winning company, LensLock is a great place to grow your career. Responsibilities for Quality Assurance Qualifications for Quality Assurance Job Type: Full-time Pay: $55,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Experience: Location: Work Location: This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: This Job Is: Company's website: Company's Facebook page: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Create quality measurements to track improvement in products Execute quality improvement testing and activities Develop quality assurance standards and company processes Create automation to optimize our time to production Adhere to industry quality and safety standards Ensure products meet customer expectations and demand Create reports documenting errors and issues for fixing Work closely with the development team to improve existing products Maintain standards for reliability and performance of production 1-5 years’ experience with Quality Assurance standards, procedures and automation Understanding of hardware and software quality assurance best practices Understanding of industry standards and company policies Automation of test cases Good customer focus Sharp attention to detail Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Meticulous and diligent attributes Great team player with the ability to work with minimal supervision Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday Bonus pay Technology Quality Assurance: 1 year (Preferred) Poway, CA 92064 (Required) One location Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma lenslock.com https://www.facebook.com/lenslock Only full-time employees eligible No|
fa4ae0d7bceb922f |Software Engineer - Front End| Tesla |Fremont, CA| |
Role: 
The Digital Experience team at Tesla is at the forefront of building a consistent, global customer experience across all digital touchpoints – web, native apps and in-car infotainment systems. This team is building the next generation products and supporting infrastructure which allows our customers, living in 60+ countries, to understand, interact and purchase our amazing vehicles and energy products. 
Tesla is seeking a Front-End Software Engineer to join our team and help build the next generation of web solutions for our service partners and customers as it relates to the ownership experience. You will be challenged to turn apps around quickly but thoughtfully, balancing speed to market with longevity and scalability, all in the name of extraordinary customer experiences. 
Responsibilities: 
Requirements: Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
8dec2481d172326e |Jr. Embedded Software Engineer| |Quake Global, Inc.| |San Diego, CA 92123| |Quake Global, a dynamic, fast-growing, high-tech electronics manufacturer has an immediate opening for a passionate Embedded Software Engineer. This person will work closely with the hardware development team and specify, develop, debug and validate a new embedded Linux-based system. This person will also support legacy embedded Linux-based systems and assist in testing as required. Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $65,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Location: Work authorization: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Summary:  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Embedded Linux software development in C in either the kernel or application level Evaluation, specification and integration of Linux kernel, BSP, bootloader, drivers, etc. Custom board bring-up, debugging and software design validation Maintenance of existing software platforms, root cause analysis, bug fixes and feature enhancement Documentation of work product, concepts, and architecture for a wide range of customers, products, and applications QUALIFICATIONS:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent and 2 years of experience in embedded systems development Working knowledge of C Experience with Git Strong written and verbal skills with the ability to present concepts clearly and concisely using programs such as Word, Excel (charts), and PowerPoint Experience with Linux distributions (i.e. Buildroot, Yocto, Ubuntu, etc.) ADDITIONAL DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:  Experience with Ethernet, USB, RS-232, RS-485, CAN, I2C, SPI, etc. Experience with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, BLE, AT command-sets and NMEA message strings Experience with Bash, Python, or other scripting languages Knowledge of test and diagnostic equipment such as spectrum analyzers and oscilloscopes 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Employee Assistance Program Flexible Schedule Flexible Spending Account Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Referral Program Vision Insurance Monday to Friday San Diego, CA 92123 (Required) United States (Required) No: Not providing sponsorship for this job Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative https://quakeglobal.com/ Waiting period may apply No|
37074ae64ab5b563 |Software Support Engineer Graduate| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
1068680At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions and advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
 Learning does not only happen through training. Relationships are among the most powerful ways for people to learn and grow, and this is part of our HPE culture. In addition to working alongside talented colleagues, you will have many opportunities to learn through coaching and stretch assignment opportunities. You’ll be guided by feedback and support to accelerate your learning and maximize your knowledge. We also have a “reverse mentoring” program which allows us to share our knowledge and strengths across our multi-generation workforce. 
The job family spans across multiple engineering disciplines. Work consists of designing, developing, analyzing, troubleshooting and debugging systems, software and solutions for research and/or research development of product, services, and solutions for company’s portfolio. Requires a broad knowledge and application of engineering disciplines, methodologies and tools. 
Then let’s stay connected! 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_CareersDesigns portions of engineering solutions utilizing multiple engineering disciplines for products, systems, software, and solutions based on established engineering principles and in accordance with provided specifications and requirements 
Implements established test plans for existing designs, including validation of mechanical, electrical, software, and other engineering specifications and requirements. 
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on engineering design and development. 
Participates as a member of project team of other engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. Bachelor's or Master's degree in Mechanical, Electrical, or other Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent. 
Typically 0-1 years experience. Experience or understanding of appropriate engineering design tools and software packages. 
Good analytical and problem solving skills. 
Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design. 
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. 
We offer: 
A competitive salary and extensive social benefits 
Diverse and dynamic work environment 
Work-life balance and support for career development 
An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it?
Responsibilities:
 
Education and Experience Required:
 
Knowledge and Skills:
|
752cbb09c24dd8b8 |University Grad, Software Engineer (Remote)| - |San Francisco, CA 94111| |

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. 
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. 
Read more about our values and culture. 
Coinbase is seeking university grads to join our engineering team to build new features that improve existing products like Retail, Pro, Custody, Wallet etc. You will solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems. You will help build the next generation of systems to make cryptocurrency accessible to everyone across the globe (desktop, iOS, Android), operating real-time applications with high frequency, low latency updates, keeping the platform safe from fraud and enabling delightful experiences, and managing the most secure, dockerized infrastructure running in the cloud. 
What you'll be doing: 
 
 
 What we look for in you: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Nice to haves: 
 Benefits at CoinbaseWork with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Write high quality, well-tested code to meet the needs of your customers. You write high quality, well-tested code to meet the needs of your customers. You're excited about hard problems and getting things done. You are self-motivated and committed to personal growth. You approach problems with positive energy. You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together. You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Sinatra, Rails, Postgres, MongoDB, Redshift and AWS. 
Health, Dental, and Vision insurance covered at 100% for employees and 80% for dependents 
HSA plan with company seed 
Disability and Life Insurance 
401(k) plan with company match 
$260 monthly Commuter Benefit 
Monthly Gym Benefit 
Volunteer Time Off 
Fertility Counseling and Benefits 
Learning and Development stipend 
18 weeks paid Parental Leave 
Meals and Snacks provided onsite 
The option of getting paid in digital currency 
7 year post termination option exercise window (for employees who stay 2 years or more) vs. the industry standard 90 days|
5ebcaae1bd4335f9 |Software Engineer: .Net Developer FinTech| - |Irvine, CA 92618| |Software Developer - .Net Web Developer -Fintech $75,000.00 – $110,000.00 per year -- DOE You have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: Job Type: Full-time Pay: $75,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization:Job Title:  Salary:  Job Description Seeking .NET Full Stack Developer. Candidates should have full stack experience with ASP.NET MVC Web Development in particular. Candidate should be comfortable working autonomously and be self-motivated. Salary commensurate with experience. SKILLS AND QUALITIES:  Work with Business and Technology teams to design and develop enterprise class solutions for high-volume customers in the Servicing segment of the Mortgage Industry A desire to be creative and come up with solutions and designs that help make the product better while also showcasing your unique talents Design, develop, and maintain web applications (WebAPI, ASP.NET MVC, Web Forms, AngularJS) Support and enhance existing key Products and Solutions where needed. Research and adapt to emerging technologies Assist in solving technology related problems Able to work well on a Development team Full Stack Developer – Must be comfortable with all aspects of application development “Can-Do” approach to problem solving and solutioning around new requirements and products REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s Degree in CS, MIS, or related technology field preferred Strong understanding of object oriented programming, design patterns and principles Experience with system architecture, application design, database design and administration Strong knowledge of C#, ASP.NET, WebAPI, ADO.NET/EF and SQL. Preference given to experience with MVC, Web Forms, HTML5, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, AngularJS, and REST/SOAP Web Services Willingness to learn new technologies Willingness to share thoughts and ideas around how to make our products better Self-driven team player with ability to work independently and multi-task Proven record in setting and meeting project deadlines In-depth knowledge of JavaScript libraries and frameworks including jQuery. Experience writing T-SQL database stored procedures. Applicant Qualifications How many years of C# experience do you have? How many years of JavaScript Libraries experience do you have? How many years of MVC experience do you have? How many years of OOD experience do you have? How many years of SQL - TSQL experience do you have? Are you willing to undergo a background check, in accordance with local law/regulations? 401(k) 401(k) matching Health insurance Paid time off Monday to Friday .NET MVC: 1 year (Preferred) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Required)|
82373758fb7a16ed |HomeKit Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The HomeKit team provides the foundation that enables an entire ecosystem of secure and intelligent home connectivity. We are developing technologies and crafting experiences that revolutionize the way people interact with the accessories around them. The team is seeking a hardworking engineer to help build the Home automation platform and take it to the next level.|
16ebc23610fc8fa9 |Software Developer| |Vagaro, Inc| |Dublin, CA 94568| |Vagaro Inc is looking for a Software Developer in our Dublin, CA office. Vagaro, Inc. develops all-in-one business management platforms and powerful online marketplaces for the salon, spa and fitness industries. More than 110,000 professionals in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia use Vagaro’s cloud-based software to manage all aspects of their operations and to market their services to local customers. Consumers choose Vagaro to search for and book services in their community at their convenience. Vagaro is easy-to-use and works on any device. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $99,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year Benefits: Experience: Education: Work authorization:Perks:  15 days PTO 10 company holidays Healthcare, dental & vision plans for individuals and families 401k with matching EAP & Work/Life Programs $30 per month to use towards any vagaro service Onsite fitness center (currently closed due to COVID) Discounted tickets program About the Company:  401(k) matching Dental insurance Employee discount Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance java: 2 years (Required) Master's (Required) United States (Required)|
4b27d86286937ae4 |Software Engineer - New Product Development| Lob |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Since addresses are the gateway to the offline world, our second flagship API is address verification, which helps people make sure the things they're sending actually get there. Customers and developers love our products, and we're growing fast to meet their needs. 
As a member of our software engineering team, you'll design and implement great products on a modern infrastructure. You'll take ownership of web-scale engineering challenges that affect millions of people. 
Our engineering team is collaborative, inclusive, autonomous, agile, direct, and kind. We recognize how lucky we are to work at a fast-growth startup, so we have fun while we work and give back to the world. We believe that diverse backgrounds and ideas result in better products and outcomes. Inc. Magazine recognized us as a Best Workplace for 2018.  . 
The "Atlas" team owns Lob's second flagship product, our Address Verification API, which is our newest and largest product investment to date. Lob's Address Verification API verifies that addresses are actually deliverable, enriches addresses with useful metadata, and helps cut major costs for our customers. 
Our vision is to be most accurate and fastest address API worldwide. In just a few years since it has launched, it has verified nearly a billion addresses and is continuing to grow at a breakneck pace. Lob is the first new company in nearly a decade to achieve the official USPS certification for address verification accuracy. To give you a peek ahead of what's next for this team, we're looking to continue scaling our system to support the needs of enterprise customers, expand availability across various new countries, and build intelligent algorithms to utilize Lob's mail deliverability data to power our address accuracy. 
As a Software Engineer at Lob, you'll... 
 
 
 
 
 For this role, we're looking for... 
 
 
 
 
Lob was built by technical co-founders with a vision to make the world programmable. We offer two flagship APIs (print & mail and address verification) that enable companies to send postal mail as effortlessly as sending emails. Lob is venture-backed by the most reputable investors in tech, and we are rapidly growing our team to shape the future of our company and meet the demands of a quickly growing customer base and dynamic product offerings. 
We give our employees a lot of responsibility and ownership of their work. You will have fun at work while engaging in challenging projects with the best and brightest. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lob is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of backgrounds and perspectives to cultivate an environment of understanding to have greater impact on our business and customers. We encourage under-represented groups to apply and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or criminal history in accordance with local, state, and/or federal laws, including the San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance. 
Forbes 30 Under 30 - Enterprise Technology 2017 
#61 on Y Combinator's Top Companies List 2018 
#26 2018 Fastest-Growing Private Companies, The Business Journals 
#LI-DNIADDRESS VERIFICATION We offer remote working opportunities in California, Texas, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York, and Illinois. You can also work onsite at our San Francisco headquarters 
About the Team Research, design, and build solutions to original problems pertaining to our address verification APIs. Everyone on our team gets to take ownership of problems—not just the most senior or tenured engineers. Contribute to codebases in Node, Elixir, or Go in a hybrid microservices and serverless ecosystem. Collaborate with stakeholders throughout Lob to troubleshoot business challenges, remove bottlenecks, and identify new opportunities for growth. Measure the effectiveness of our engineering work, and use data to drive decisions to help our customers. 2+ years of full-stack (backend, frontend, and database) experience in a modern web framework. Show us how you've used technology to solve problems. Exceptional collaborators and communicators. At Lob, you win by helping others succeed. You have concrete examples of ways you've gone above and beyond to help the people around you meet their goals. Experience building or working with APIs. It turns out that they're are a lot harder to design and change than they are to consume. You have Strong Opinions about what good API design looks like, informed by real-world experience. About Lob 
Perks Health benefits for you and your dependent(s) Healthcare Flexible Spending Accounts Unlimited vacation policy Commuter & Parking benefits (includes monthly stipend) Wellness program (includes monthly stipend or free Barry's Bootcamp classes!) Paid parental leave Free lunch, dinner, and snacks 401K Dog-friendly office Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the Lob team; you'll directly shape the direction of our company Our Commitment to Diversity|
ccfe6d143c6b84eb |Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET)| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
The Apple Ecosystem Tools team is looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) to help us ensure the quality of our tools used for analysis and certification of a wide variety of communication protocols, including HomeKit, CarPlay, AirPlay 2, GymKit, and more.
We develop macOS and iOS apps used by Apple engineers and third party manufacturers to debug and certify their devices and accessories. We work closely with the development of protocol specifications as well as their certification procedures. Come join our team!|
f49ad79f85f6a8d9 |Software Engineer I-10847908| LTTS |Menlo Park, CA| |Work with designers to help consolidate disparate program functions into a unified whole. Works with programmers and coders to help map out various programming tasks and smaller functions, which are then combined into larger, functioning programs or new features for existing software. Typically work in both design and development stages of the software creation. Work with dedicated designers or design teams to work out the basic things the program or update will be expected to perform. Plot out the various aspects of the automated tasks that will be necessary, usually using design documentation and flowcharts to help illustrate the process. 
Skills: 
Knowledge of at least one of the following languages: C, C++, Java, PHP, Python. Knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience in machine learning and video coding and streaming. 
Education: 
BS + 2 years experience and MS + 1 year experience in Software Engineering 
Required Skills: 
CODING, ENGINEER, PHP 
Additional Skills: 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SQL, PYTHON, B2B SOFTWARE, DESIGN DOCUMENTATION, DOCUMENTATION, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING|
d8b1e50aef03df98 |Software Engineer, Back End| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |This opportunity is to work for the Payments Group in eBay. We support all activities on eBay that require money movement and beyond. We build critical software that has immediate impact on millions of eBay users throughout the world. We are seeking a seasoned software engineer who is passionate about utilizing latest technologies to bring the best user experience to our customers. The candidate will work closely with the various business units, product management, architecture and operations as well as third party software vendors. The candidate is expected to be a self-starter and a team player, a strong driver for results.
 Collaborate with engineers, business units, product management, architects, and operations teams to build solutions in the Payments domain. Lead and estimate engineering effort, plan implementations, and rollout for applications integrating with cross-functional components. Design, develop and test major features while working in an Agile Scrum team. Utilize Java, Oracle DB, NoSQL and other technologies eBay is using, such as NodeJS, HTML, Javascript, CSS, AJAX…etc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementRequirements: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 
 Education : 
 
 
 For more information see:Design, develop and support projects throughout all phases of the software development life cycle Develop innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules, and adherence to development goals and principles Participate in all aspects of PDLC including requirement/design reviews as well as code reviews Create testing harness/infrastructure/test cases/Automation geared towards ensuring quality of the product Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes Lead product initiatives, recommend improvements, mentor and guide junior team members Identify project risks and work effectively to mitigate them Share release management duties on feature rollouts, Develop industry and product technical expertise Find and help fix stability/scalability issues in a very time critical environment Ability to think out of the box in solving real world problems. A portfolio or work samples demonstrating coding skills (e.g links to Github repository from open source contributions). Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills. Payment Industry experience a plus Bachelor's degree with 2+ years of experience Masters degree with 1 yearsof experience|
364f6eae87f6038c |iOS Software Engineer| PayPal |San Jose, CA 95131| |
 
 
 
We are looking for iOS Software Engineer to help lead the design, development, and testing of the PayPal Consumer Mobile application. We are passionate about code quality and follow our defined best practices while always searching for new, better ways to get things done. We value our ego-free code review and have continuous integration set up to test our pull requests, deliver nightly builds and run nightly regressions with our automated tests. We work closely and quickly with our design team to build, user test and iterate on new features with a customer driven focus. 
Requirements: 
 Job_Description_Summary: The PayPal Credit team is responsible for the mobile applications and services that provide PayPal Credit to our US and international customers. PayPal Credit is a strategic part of the PayPal business plan with important revenue-generating projects that will impact overall company performance. Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.Expert in designing and building iOS applications on top of RESTful services. Strong fluency in Swift, with working knowledge of Objective-C. Expert in design/implementation for availability, scalability and performance. Confidence in advocating for and implementing iOS design patterns. Write unit tests not because you have to, but because you know it makes your code better. Familiarity with continuous integration (Jenkins), application monitoring (Crashlytics and fabric.io), mocking tools (Appium and Apiary) and cucumber for functional tests. B.S. or equivalent degree in Computer Science is desired|
fc502a6fb0fa2c5b |Software Engineer, Backend - University Graduate, 2021| Verkada |San Mateo, CA 94401| |
 
 

 

At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well. 
 
We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a startup culture working alongside teammates to launch products that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various teams including backend/infrastructure, mobile, firmware, or frontend/UI. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software enabling our best-in-class security systems. 
Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). 
Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.About Verkada The Role About our team|
251fcb4c13e1fe85 |Software Engineer| - |San Carlos, CA| |
 
We are a remote-work team, but we strive to replicate the camaraderie and serendipitous moments that in-person teams naturally enjoy. Therefore, we all commit to working a daily 4-hour overlap. Outside of that, you choose the start and stop times that make you the most productive and effective colleague. 
 
 
Position Overview: 
Sutter Health Design & Innovation is hiring a junior software engineer to break the patterns of our broken healthcare system. 
You'll be building and delivering features at a fast pace, working on greenfield projects. You’ll make healthcare more human, not less, with tech that is powerful, yet coy. This is an opportunity to work for social good and make a contribution to programs that raise the health status of the communities we live in. 
As part of the Design & Innovation team, you can expect to grow in your strengths, alongside an inclusive, eager team who’ll support you every step of the way. You will work with a diverse team that includes business leaders, software engineers, data scientists, designers, researchers, and product managers to create useful and elegant solutions. 
Sutter Health is one of the nation's largest not-for-profit healthcare systems, serving 3 million patients across 25 hospitals and hundreds of outpatient facilities in Northern California. The Design & Innovation team moves fast, and has the feel of a small startup within a large organization. We are perpetually curious about people, and that empathy fuels our work. 
Ambitious and speedy (by design), we are a build-first island within a buy-first culture. We are creating a portfolio of software projects, with the intent to graduate the best ideas and abandon unsuccessful experiments.
 Here are some real examples of our recent work to familiarize yourself with what the job entails: 
Our tech stack is, for now, Ruby on Rails, Stimulus.js, PostgreSQL, Redis, Heroku, Twilio, Auth0. 
You are a generalist, lifelong learner and you love it. You embrace ambiguity, with an owner’s mentality to decision making. You tilt toward action, threading the needle between analysis-paralysis and urgency. Your M.O. is pattern matching, and you’re always vigilant for perfect storm moments that breakthrough all the roadblocks. And by default, you laugh loud and often. 
We want you to contribute uniquely and foster increasing heterogeneity within the team. We know that diversity of experiences, talents and identities create the strongest teams, and we’re ready for the continuous commitment required to build such an inclusive environment. 
We might not always agree but we always value each other’s opinion. Everyone deserves to be heard, and in the end it is not about winning, it is about challenging each other, weighing the pros and cons of each solution and committing to do good work in the best interest of our users, both patients and providers alike. 
We are a healthcare company first. That means we honor our personal health first and are committed to creating a workplace that supports a sustainable, healthy work/life balance. You can expect smiles and laughs and celebrations of success and kudos. You can expect a normal 40 hour work week. You can expect 8 hours of sleep. You are not joining a ‘work hard, play hard’ team. Ours is a ‘work smart, create awesome things’ culture. Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Sutter Health System Office 
  Regular 
  Yes 
  Exempt 
  No 
  Day 
  8 Hour Shift 
  Monday-Friday 
  Other 
  Full Time 
  80
ABOUT THE JOB 
ABOUT US 
Web-based interface for care teams to collaboratively manage SMS conversations with patients. 
Automated, SMS-based surveys to onboard patients and track their health progress. 
Remote monitoring dashboard of sleep data for health coaches to support patients form good sleep habits. 
ABOUT YOU (AND US TOO) Healthcare experience is highly desirable but not absolutely required. Benefits at Sutter are designed for your health first. We offer PPO plans for both medical and dental. Other benefits include vision, life insurance, long-term disability and retirement plans. We also have employee discount offerings, flexible spending accounts, and an employee assistance program. 
Organization: Employee Status: Benefits: Position Status: Union: Job Shift: Shift Hours: Days of the Week Scheduled: Weekend Requirements: Schedule: Hrs Per 2wk Pay Period:
QUALIFICATIONS  Bachelor’s degree in EE/CE/CS or equivalent education  2+ years of experience as a software engineer  Familiarity with human-centered design BENEFITS|
ab68048f1c5fcbb6 |Software Engineer, Search| Benchling |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over the next 10 years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy will dramatically change how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials will transform the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology will produce sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this future, and magnify its impact, through modern software. 
 
Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling in their efforts to solve humanity's most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. 
 
Search is a foundational building block of the Benchling Platform — it’s a fundamental modality of user interaction in our applications, but also essential functionality underlying our API and Developer Platform. Discoverability of knowledge and assets is a huge benefit to research productivity in life sciences organizations. 
 
Benchling was founded by a team of MIT graduates and has raised funding from Benchmark, Andreessen Horowitz, Thrive Capital, and Y Combinator. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world's most renowned research institutes. 
Benchling brings best-in-breed data infrastructure to the world's leading biotech companies. As a Search Engineer, you'll build the one of the most important systems that power Benchling's platform and applications. Ultimately, your work will be reflected in the agility, performance, reliability, and security of the Benchling platform. 
 
We are looking for strong engineers with 5+ years of experience to join as a member of the larger Platform team and work alongside other infrastructure-focused peers. You'll collaborate with former Stripe, Google, and Facebook engineers to build a highly reliable, yet rapidly-evolving, backbone of our platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OUR VALUES 
 
 
 
 
 
PERKS AND BENEFITS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations. 
 

RESPONSIBILITIES Design, build, and maintain the next generation of Benchling’s search technology, and its integration into our application suite and platform Define, measure, and create automation for the key indicators of performance of Search functionally Design and implement the security and tenant isolation model for customer data in search systems Collaborate with other teams in Platform and Infrastructure Roll out new systems into production, and migrate from legacy systems to new implementations YOU Have 5 or more years of experience as a software engineer, including experience with delivering Search functionality in the context of a modern, cloud-first software-as-a-service platform. Have experience with and understand how to effectively use and integrate popular open-source distributed search systems, such as ElasticSearch or Solr. Understand cloud computing and microservices architectures. Experience with major cloud platforms, especially AWS, is a plus. Write clear, well-tested code in Python, Java, Go, or Ruby. Have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field. Empower through information. We explain the “why” behind every decision, unless there are highly sensitive circumstances. We're honest about how we're doing, especially in difficult times. We believe that sharing information builds trust and enables better decision-making. Rely on tenacity. Hard work is one of the greatest factors to determine success and is fully under our control. We must make the most of every day by bringing the highest level of determination. Dreaming big is not enough. Raise the bar. Pushing ourselves and others to improve will be uncomfortable and at times result in failure. However, it's critical to our success. We're dedicated to creating a place where everyone feels challenged to improve. Build a lever. We choose to build tools and infrastructure that will help others make world-changing innovations. There's less glory in it, but in the words of Archimedes, "Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world." Work with a talented yet humble team Competitive compensation & equity package 401k Medical, dental, and vision insurance Monthly health & wellness stipend Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats$1,000 work-from-home stipend To support remote work conditions, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000 upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.|
4c57297c8920af83 |Software Engineer for Instrumentation| |Sigray Inc.| |Concord, CA 94520| |We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our scientific team for an analysis software that has already been developed but needs to be maintained and split into classes. The responsibilities include writing and testing code and debugging programs. These applications will run in an OS environment. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $95,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Work Location: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: Company's website: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Responsibilities Write effective, scalable code Integrate user-facing elements into applications Improve functionality of existing systems Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Ideal Qualifications  Degree or coursework in physics Work experience as a software engineer Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Familiarity with scientific packages for Python 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Health Insurance Paid Time Off Vision Insurance Monday to Friday relevant: 3 years (Preferred) One location No: Not providing sponsorship for this job www.sigray.com Waiting period may apply No|
ffe9014168b813b7 |Full Stack Software Engineer| StartX |Palo Alto, CA| |
Work in the most fast paced, collaborative, and well connected entrepreneurial environment in the world. Design and ship features that will be actively used by 1300+ of Stanford’s best entrepreneurs in StartX’s community.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 StartX knows that diversity, equity and inclusion create innovation. We want to actively build a culture and community that embraces and values teammates and founders of all backgrounds and experiences. We highly encourage people of color and women to apply. Help us make change in the tech industry!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opportunity Responsibilities Work directly with fellow software engineers to code and ship staff-facing and customer-facing features on both the StartX website and internal tools. Collaborate with other StartX teams to define requirements and specifications for new systems. Develop self sufficient systems to increase staff efficiency and impact. Design innovative solutions which are stable, secure, and performant. Monitor, troubleshoot and fix existing systems. Help us implement and improve our CI/CD processes. Cross-Functional Collaboration and Contribution Support and participate in StartX team activities, including regular staff meetings and retreats Proactively use StartX's core values and organizational objectives, including a commitment to DEI, to guide decision-making and execution. Participate in organization-wide priorities, like founder admissions and start-up check-ins. Contribute proactively to the cultivation of an inclusive, high-performing team.
 Qualifications Experience with Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, Javascript and MySQL is required. UI/UX design experience is a plus. Familiarity with Git and Github strongly preferred. BS is required, preferably in computer science or a related field. Characteristics Great execution skills. Is able to deliver high-quality work quickly. Learns quickly and proactively. Able to give and receive both positive and constructive feedback to improve personal and professional attributes. Takes initiative. A team player who can thrive in a fast-paced environment. Possesses great communication skills, is prompt to reply, and communicates in a professional manner. We are deeply committed to Diversity, Equity and Inclusiveness.
|
03a407aa9eead390 |Front End Software Engineer| - |Redwood City, CA 94063| |
 

 
 
 
 
We are passionate about building great software and looking for like-minded individuals who share this passion and who are continuously looking to learn and grow. In this impactful role, you will work closely with customers and engineering teams to deliver cutting edge user-interfaces and dashboards that enable our innovative payment system and services to be utilized by some of the biggest and fastest-growing software companies in the world. 
Our development is done in the cloud, using JavaScript, React / Redux, SASS, Webpack, etc 
Please use a personal email such as gmail, yahoo, etc when applying to the role. 
WePay’s mission is to make commerce seamless. Our products help software companies integrate payments into their applications – thereby empowering small businesses and individuals to get paid easily and quickly using their go-to apps and software. Our customers include BigCommerce, TouchBistro, Meetup and Freshbooks, just to name a few. By joining forces with JPMorgan Chase, a global financial services firm with over $2.5 trillion in assets that serves millions of customers worldwide, WePay is now able to connect our customers seamlessly into a range of banking services beyond payments. WePay is a unique place to work and offers the best of both worlds. WePay has a FinTech startup culture that emphasizes transparency, collaboration and career growth, with the ability to work on small, nimble teams. However, now combined with the power of JPMorgan Chase, employees are also able to create change at scale and have an opportunity to truly disrupt and shape FinTech. 
 You can find more information at wepay.com 
To all recruitment agencies: WePay does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, WePay employees, or any other company location. WePay is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About WePay|
b63bd8a1454ff520 |Software Engineer| Proofpoint |Sunnyvale, CA 94085| |It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!
 
We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.
 
The Role
 At Proofpoint, you will find an environment where innovation comes from creative collaboration and where everyone is empowered to go fast and have fun. If you find joy making the impossible possible you will feel right at home with our team! The Security Products Group is the core of Proofpoint’s success, and you will be contributing to our efforts to do what we do, even better.
 We are looking for a Software Engineer who is an outstanding team player with a positive attitude, and high energy, to help us deliver state of the art products. Someone that want to grow herself, the product and the team. We're looking for someone with the ability to work independent, and communicate clearly and effectively with team members.
 Your day-to-day
 You understand the complexities and tradeoffs for building systems with 99.999% availability.
 Design/Code/Test based on user stories, and product defects.
 Contribute to software design and code reviews.
 Solid understanding of algorithms & data structures along with their runtime complexities.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Introduce and influence process improvements and act as an agent for change to the organization.
 What you bring to the team
 BS Degree in CS, or similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience
 2-4 years software development experience
 Full Stack developer, while you may love the backend, you are not shy of the UI
 Good experience in LINUX/UNIX and any scripting language (Ruby / Perl / Python) or Java
 High accountability and a track record of delivering high quality game changing products
 Low ego and someone who puts the team and the organization first. You have strong opinions that are loosely held
 Challenges status quo and looks for continuous improvement in systems and processes
 #LI-EC1
 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!|
2b82b80ab42bf379 |Software Engineer (Entry Level, NCG)| |Yield Engineering Systems (YES)| |Fremont, CA 94538| |
Please send your resume to: 
Leslie Rodriguez 
Administrator, People & Culture 
lrodriguez@yieldengineering.com 
510-954-6889 x225data encapsulation, polymorphism
 
YES offers a competitive benefits package, which includes:

 
YES (Yield Engineering Systems, Inc.) is a leading manufacturer of high-tech, cost-effective equipment for
 
transforming surfaces, materials and interfaces at the nanoscale. From startups to the Fortune 50, our
 
customers rely on YES solutions to unleash products that change lives - from cellphones and IoT
 
devices, to AI and virtual reality, to diagnostic tests for COVID.
 
 
Our industry-leading vacuum cure ovens, chemical vapor deposition (CVD) systems, and plasma etching
 
tools are driving innovation in a wide range of exciting and growing markets. We look forward to talking
 
with smart, energetic, team-oriented people who can grow with us. We provide competitive salary and
 
benefits (including employee stock ownership), a beautiful light-filled new facility in a central location,
 
and some of the best co-workers you’ll find anywhere. If this appeals to you, please read on! 
 
 
Design classes in a complex software system for semiconductor equipment control. Develop C++ DLL
 
interface for external customer to control equipment. Design GUI for hardware controller and
 
Semiconductor Equipment with C#.NET. Develop HW control with serial interface and TCP/IP. Develop
 
TCP client/server applications. System testing and debugging. Develop automation test scripts. 
 
 
• Coding skill with C# or C++
 
• BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
|
9814f69159f56fed |Software Engineer - iCloud Web Apps| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish.
Do you love the challenge of solving complex problems that can have a direct impact on the success of the company? Do you want to work on products that are used globally every single day? If so, be part of a diverse team with varied strengths crafting groundbreaking, complex JavaScript applications for iCloud.com. We’re looking for meticulous, creative engineers to build the world’s best web applications.|
e8eb4112290b2936 |Software Development Engineer in Test- Storage (All Entry Levels)| |SK Hynix Memory Solutions America Inc.| |San Jose, CA| |SK hynix memory solutions America Inc. (SKHMS America) provides industry-leading controller hardware, advanced flash management systems, and firmware for NAND and post 2D-NAND based storage solutions spanning Enterprise, Client and Mobile market segments. We are part of the world's top tier semiconductor supplier, SK hynix, offering Dynamic Random Access Memory chips (DRAM), Flash memory chips (NAND Flash) and CMOS Image Sensor (CIS) for a wide range of distinguished customers globally. 
 
SK hynix memory solutions America Inc. offers you the opportunity to apply your skills to exciting projects while working with innovative teams. Our compensation package is complimented by a generous benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance and a company 401(k) match, as well as cafeteria, onsite gym and much more. If you are motivated by technical challenges, we offer a collaborative work environment that encourages career growth.
Main Job Responsibilities: 
Design and develop test software for enterprise class storage devices (eSSD) firmware validation. 
Develop test strategies and plans for comprehensive coverage of different aspects of eSSD firmware, including but not limited to host protocols (NVMe/PCIe) and Flash translation layer. 
Define firmware requirements for the white-box test development; working closely with firmware team members. 
Oversee regression runs, including triaging of issue, and report failures to firmware or other stakeholders. 
As a key eSSD development core team member, lead firmware validation projects from planning, execution, to reporting of status to the core team. 
Requirements: 
BS in Electrical or Computer Engineering required; MS is a plus. 
Excellent programming concepts, especially object oriented design and scripting languages like Python/JavaScript. 
Excellent analytical skills for failure triage and problem recreation. 
Fast learner with good communication skills. 
Must be proactive and a strong team player. 
Knowledge of PCIE-NVMe storage protocol/specifications and different firmware modules like host and backend is a huge plus.|
06e5283774424a9c |Software Engineer in Test| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 Job Description 
 Qualifications 
 
Additional Information 

At Palo Alto Networks®, everything starts and ends with our mission: 
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. 
We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are. 
As a Software QA engineer in the functional testing team, you will be responsible for testing the upcoming new features on Palo Alto Networks’ next-generation firewall. You will participate in the requirements and design discussions and make a difference in shaping the future direction. The work will involve close interaction with development and product management teams. You will write and execute test plans based on requirements and design specs. You will maintain complex testbeds to validate the design. 
You will drive the efficiency and reliability of our products by testing them thoroughly to understand potential risks, bugs, or issues, providing an exemplary product experience for our end users. You strive for the best in everything you do—meaning you won’t rest until the products you work on at the highest quality. You love hunting for problems within the code, seeking issues to correct, and enjoy the challenge of a code-based scavenger hunt that includes testing, providing feedback, and identifying alternative suggestions for our product’s environment. 
Our engineering team is at the core of our products and connected directly to the mission of preventing cyberattacks. We are constantly innovating — challenging the way we, and the industry, think about cybersecurity. Our engineers don’t shy away from building products to solve problems no one has pursued before. 
We define the industry instead of waiting for directions. We need individuals who feel comfortable in ambiguity, excited by the prospect of a challenge, and empowered by the unknown risks facing our everyday lives that are only enabled by a secure digital environment. 
We’re trailblazers who dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: We can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com. 
Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.
Our Mission 
Your Career 
Your Impact 
Your Experience 
The Team 
Our Commitment
Responsible for functional testing and automation of Palo Alto Networks’ next-generation firewall 
Develop and execute test plans and test cases 
Develop tools and infrastructure to improve the quality and efficiency of testing 
Work closely with the Software Engineering, Product Management teams during product development from design to release. 
Automating the test cases using Python and other scripting languages 
Executing the automation regression release on release and raising defects if any 
Reproduce and debug issues found during and after software release 
Develop and maintain complex testbed environments 
Knowledge of UMTS/CDMA wireless architecture for data services 
Knowledge of LTE architecture Nodes: MME, S-GW/PGW 
Mobility/session management protocols, GTP, SCTP and other network mobility protocols. 
Experience with GNU tools and good to have experience with typical test tools from Spirent, Breaking Point, and Ixia 
Experience with bug tracking tools such as Jira/Bugzilla and versioning systems like Perforce/git is desirable 
Proficient in Python Scripting and/or automation 
Knowledge of Windows and Linux system set up and administration 
Experience setting testbeds in a Virtualization environment is desirable|
ca09d182775d4244 |Software Development Engineer| |Silver Peak Systems| |Santa Clara, CA 95050| |
#LI-SS1Silver Peak is at the forefront of Software-Defined Wide Area Networking (SD-WAN), an exciting and disruptive trend in the networking industry. Silver Peak’s large customer base uses our solution to effectively connect their remote users to applications. 
We are looking for a Software Development Engineer who will own the design and implementation of cloud applications for Silver Peak's SD-WAN offering. Our mission critical cloud applications enable Silver Peak’s industry leading visibility and control solutions, enterprise and service provider software licensing, and cloud managed orchestration. In addition to direct development responsibilities, you will participate in all architectural, technology and productivity tool selection decisions.
Who we are looking for: 
What you will do:  Develop new features for Silver Peak Orchestrator web application that enables centralized management of SD-WAN enabled networks  Responsible for front end and back end software development for web applications  White box unit test cases for your implementations  Collaborate with remote teams 
What you need to bring:  Experience in NodeJS/Java based web development  Experience in developing web applications for cloud deployments  Proven track record of developing database applications using SQL and NoSQL  Experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript and REST API  Complete ownership, Problem-solving skills and tremendous self-drive  Strong written and verbal communication skills 
Your Education and Experience: 5+ years of work experience US Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems/Applications|
b65fdc66aa23286b |Software Engineer, Junior| |Booz Allen Hamilton| |El Segundo, CA 90245| |
Are you looking for an opportunity to not just develop software, but to help build a system that will has real world impact? As a full-stack developer, you can solve a problem with a complete end-to-end solution in a fast-paced, agile environment. We’re looking for a developer with the skills needed to build applications from vision to production-ready system. 
This role is more than just coding. We need a full-stack developer who will use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and identify needed system improvements. You’ll work with the development team to build production level analytics, data science, and machine learning applications. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to help make sure the solution the team develops considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements. 
Empower change with us. 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to: 
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.The Challenge: 
You Have: 1+ years of experience with programming languages, including JavaScript, Python, Java, or C++ Knowledge of Agile software development Knowledge of appropriate applications of core data structure and algorithms Ability to learn new programming languages, frameworks, and tools continually Ability to work collaboratively in dynamic groups of various sizes Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree in CS 
Nice If You Have: Experience with AWS or other cloud platforms Experience with data pipeline tools, including Kafka, NiFi, or Apache Spark Experience with DevSecOps tooling, including Docker, Kubernetes, or Jenkins Experience with JavaScript frameworks, including React, Vue, and Angular Knowledge of n-tier and large-scale software architecture Secret clearance 
Clearance: 
Build Your Career: 
experts in virtually every field 
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees 
opportunities that provide stability while offering variety|
f66b1565113d7e56 |Software Engineer| - |Fremont, CA 94538| |Work in an exciting challenging environment to develop and maintain software for hardware control. In this role you will work with Scientists and Systems Engineers to gather requirements and implement code. It is exciting to see your code interacting with hardware (robots, vision systems, sensors and gauges) and data to produce results via complex algorithms. : The software engineer will cover the entire technology stack that is necessary to create .Net applications and modules. The application on which you will be working involves multiple processes(exes) with communication via WCF. A successful candidate should have experience in developing and/or maintaining applications interfacing/interacting with various instrument/tool hardware components. · Develop new features for hardware control which may include low level application code, domain application logic and/or UI code. · Debug existing source code and fix bugs as needed. · Work independently and collaboratively as needed. · Take ownership of assigned tasks and finish in a timely manner · Continuously learn and improve skills. · Attention to detail is essential and all tasks must be carried out to the highest standard · Self-starter and quick learner of new technologies and processes · Strong communication and problem-solving skills – possess the ability to translate business requirements into application code · Ability to take ownership of the complete software development cycle from requirements gathering to design to implementation · Team player who will work in a collaborative environment with users and the engineering team · Passionate about well-designed software that is modifiable, efficient, reliable and meets coding standards · Semiconductor/ Metrology software systems · GUI development for Semiconductor/ Metrology software systems · Semiconductor equipment automation - SEMI standards/ SECS/GEM · Working knowledge of GIT · Working knowledge of JIRA · Test driven development · Database application development and data modeling techniques Job Type: Full-time Pay: Up to $135,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Supplemental Pay: Experience: Work authorization: Work Location: This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: This Company Describes Its Culture as: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Job Description Key Responsibilities:  Qualifications Required Technical Skills/Experience 6+ years of software development experience in OO environment 4+ years of coding and development experience using C#. Net with Visual Studio 2017/2019 Experience with Microsoft .NET technologies - WinForms, WPF, WCF, MS Unit test Experience working in a multi-threaded environment Experience working with SQL databases Hands on experience working with hardware components Preferred Knowledge/Experience 401(k) 401(k) Matching Dental Insurance Disability Insurance Employee Assistance Program Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Parental Leave Referral Program Retirement Plan Vision Insurance 8 Hour Shift Monday to Friday Bonus Pay software development: 5 years (Preferred) Semiconductor: 3 years (Preferred) hardware: 3 years (Preferred) United States (Preferred) One location Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
d3295de7e5bd2da9 |Machine Learning Engineer, Search Quality| - |Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 

Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It’s where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. As a Pinterest employee, you’ll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You’ll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping users make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet. 
The Search Team at Pinterest helps Pinners explore and find the things they love through a unique visual search experience. Where web search is about finding answers, Pinterest search is about inspiration and discovery. This leads to unique technical challenges with handling an index of billions of unique images and their associated metadata. We’re looking for a software engineer to build advanced search technology using both text and visual signals. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
#LI-LP2About Pinterest: 
What you'll do: Build a search product that keeps Pinners engaged with great personalized content Build search ranking systems that handle billions of unique images and high search query volume Work on aspects of the search ranking problem such as query understanding, search results ranking, search relevance, and localization of results Build models or develop ranking signals for more than 340 million monthly users What we're looking for: 5+ years working experience Interest or experience working on a large-scale ranking system, or technical background in applied Machine Learning Experience with big data (Hadoop/cascading etc) Passion for applied ML and the Pinterest product|
e932658db29e3ed9 |Software Engineer - Entry Level| - |Pasadena, CA 91109| |Overview:
 
Responsibilities:
 
 
Qualifications:

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
Our missions are complex, long-lasting, far-reaching—and each one is unique. We’re constantly developing new mission-specific software. For designers, engineers, architects, and developers who like to test the limits, JPL is a constant source of new stimulating challenges. 
In this role you would be a vital team member in a JPL software or computer engineering groups. You will partner with lead engineers to design, code, and develop secure software applications and interface solutions that power JPL’s spacecraft, science instruments, mission control systems, science analysis pipelines and IT services. You will integrate algorithms and models into software components for production and analysis of mission and enterprise data. You will use general understanding of the complexity and interdependence involved with integrating multiple applications with complex data sources, and deploying the resulting systems at sites worldwide and beyond. 
Opportunities in Software Computing Systems Engineering include, but are not limited to, the following:
Cybersecurity Engineer 
Data Scientist 
Data Visualization Developer 
Electrical Ground Support Equipment Software Engineer 
Engineering Applications Software Engineer 
Flight Software Engineer 
Scientific Application & Data Interaction Engineer 
Scientific Applications Software Engineer 
Software Systems Architect 
Software Systems Engineer 
Software Systems Engineer 
User Interface Designer 
User Interface Developer Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or related major. 
Minimum of a 3.0/4.0 cumulative GPA.|
32b054c71ecdf33b |Software Engineer| DocSend |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We've had a proven success record of working together to deliver a world-class solution for secure document sharing and tracking. As the top-rated product in our space, DocSend keeps high-quality engineering at the core of what we do, and we’re looking for a Software Engineer to join us! 
As a Software Engineer, you’ll be a crucial member of our engineering team as we continue to build out our top-quality product. You’ll be able to own projects and features right out the gate, with support from our more senior engineers. In this full stack role, you’ll work with Product, Design, and Backend Engineers to build a variety of impactful features for our growing user base. 
 Our current stack is a Ruby on Rails web app running on Heroku with CoffeeScript, Haml, and LESS. 
DocSend engineering believes in quality, collaboration, and fun. We’ve got everything from diverse leadership to team outings. We always want to better ourselves, and as engineers, we do that by focusing on creating better solutions, better code, and a better skill set. Together, we collaborate, support, and inspire each other to grow and take ownership across the product. 
Sound like your kind of place? We love to hear it. Come chat with us! 
DocSend is a tight-knit group of fiercely intelligent, driven, and fun individuals. We take pride in providing an inclusive and supportive environment designed for personal growth and organizational happiness. We make time for each other with daily lunch in the office, monthly game nights, weekly happy hours, and regular retreats. 
 
DocSend enables business leaders to confidently share business-critical documents and get real-time, actionable feedback. DocSend empowers growth for a wide array of leaders at BuzzFeed, Forbes, Gusto, The New York Times, and over 10,000 more.
ABOUT THE ROLE 
ABOUT OUR ENGINEERING TEAM Who We Are What We Do 
DocSend is proud to be an equal opportunity employer dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.|
8b1d4b6fb6652967 |Software Engineer Intern| - |San Jose, CA| |Like to shake things up? We do. eBay hires innovators who can push boundaries and change the world. Design, develop and implement core software systems or applications. Think globally and help eBay be on the top tier with new products, including cloud-based or internet-related tools. 
Disclaimer: Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our  
View our privacy policy 
View our accessibility infouse of cookies 
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at  talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. 
For more information see: 
EEO is the Law Poster 
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement|
8016de606586dc72 |Software Engineer - Back-End| Smartcar |Mountain View, CA 94043| |
 
 
Software Engineer - Back-End 
Founded in 2015, Smartcar is the leading developer platform for mobility businesses. We have raised $12 million in Seed and Series A funding from Andreessen Horowitz and NEA. Our headquarters is located in Mountain View, California. 
 
From auto insurance to fleet management, businesses of all kinds use our APIs to verify vehicle mileage, issue digital car keys, manage EV charging, and track fleets. To name a few, the peer-to-peer car sharing marketplace Turo, the IoT technology company Samsung SmartThings, and the insurance provider Just Auto Insurance use our platform to build and scale their mobility services. 
 
By making it easy to connect to their customers’ vehicles, Smartcar allows these companies to focus on what’s important: building the future of mobility. 
 
In this role, you will report directly to Gurpreet Atwal! 
Feel free to check out what our interview process looks like. 
We'd love for you to join us. 
Smartcar is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.|
e25924e6474f02e5 |Software QA Engineer| JoyRun |Redwood City, CA 94063| |As a Software QA Engineer at JoyRun, you will be working with a smart team of doers, building an exciting product for consumers. Help us ensure the highest level of quality while keeping the team moving on quick releases. This is a role for someone who enjoys the quick pace of startups, and likes adding structure to something very dynamic. Role & Responsibilities: Qualifications: Job Type: Full-time Pay: $89,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: Company's website:Execute manual test cases, with an intellectual curiosity to discover any issues with the application in development Help communicate with Product, Engineering and Operations to ensure all stakeholders are in sync Build automated frameworks to help expand test coverage Knowledge of manual testing, with automated test skills being a plus! Mobile application testing skills Attention to detail Communication skills - verbal and written - as this role will help support other teams in their goals 4 year degree, preferably in CS or a STEM-related field, or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience in manual/automated QA testing Experience with API/backend/mobile testing (web is not necessary) Experience automating repetitive testing tasks Some experience with scripting and coding automated/unit tests Several years experience owning testing for a large chunk of a product (ideally at a startup) 401(k) Dental Insurance Flexible Schedule Health Insurance Vision Insurance Monday to Friday Software Testing: 3 years (Required) Bachelor's (Preferred) United States (Required) No: Not providing sponsorship for this job www.joyrun.com|
3623e90b0aec81bd |Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Why Apple?
At Apple we believe our products begin with our people. We have a diverse, smart team that drives creative thought. By giving the team the resources they need to be leaders in innovation, we are also successful at driving precision. Through our collaborative process we create memorable experiences for our customers. These elements come together to make Apple an amazing environment for motivated people to do the greatest work of their lives. You will become part of a Engineering Project Management Team that sets the standard in cultivating excellence, creativity and innovation. Will you help us design the next generation of revolutionary Apple products? Apple is looking for a Software Engineer with cloud services experience to drive design and implementation of a critical and unique customer-facing Apple service. This is a rare opportunity to own a new set of services/microservices from the beginning within a team with a no-ops culture.|
5c03e7facc753b31 |Software Engineer| - |San Jose, CA 95113| |Like to shake things up? We do. eBay hires innovators who can push boundaries and change the world. Design, develop and implement core software systems or applications. Think globally and help eBay be on the top tier with new products, including cloud-based or internet-related tools.
 We are looking for a motivated software engineer to build robust and scalable software, help improve our code services and system architecture, participate in brainstorming sessions and supply ideas to our technology, algorithms and products, and work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and deliver results. We want the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to deeply understand our products and services to push our technology forward. You’ll work alongside the best and the brightest engineering talent in the industry. As a core participant of your team, you’ll estimate engineering efforts, prioritize projects, plan implementations, and triage production issues. You need to be dynamic, collaborative, and curious as we build new experiences, improve existing products, and develop distributed systems powering the world’s largest e-commerce websites at a scale few companies can match.
 
  By applying to this position, your application will be considered for locations we hire for in the United States including, but not limited to: Bay Area, CA; Bellevue, WA; Portland, OR; Boston, MA and New York, NY.
 
 
Analytical. Able to convert abstract concepts into viable products using CS fundamentals
 
Resourceful. Have the ability to do a lot with a little. Be able to aggregate information from various places and build relationships with key partners to get the information you need
 
Data Driven. Able to use data to frame out and solve problems
 
 
Programming expertise. Be proficient at object oriented programming concepts, design patters, and SDLCA technical connoisseur. Be comfortable with algorithms and data structures, such as dynamic array, linked list, stack, queue, binary search, binary search tree, hash map, depth first search, breadth first search, and merge sort.
 
A go-getter. Seek new opportunities, don’t shy away from challenges, and bring energy and enthusiasm to the office every day.
 
 
Completed a Bachelor's, Master’s or PhD Degree in Computer Science or related field
 
Strong applied experience. You’ve built, broken, and rebuilt software applications
 
Creative thinker who knows how to create real-world products
 
  Java, Python, distributed systems, cloud-related knowledge
  Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 View our privacy policy
 View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
  Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementNote: You are: We need: Basic Qualifications: Key skills: Disclaimer: Disclaimer: For more information see:|
34da9419e5c17888 |Software Development Engineer Test| - |East Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Amazon SageMaker Neo is an AWS service that enables machine learning models to train once and run anywhere. Neo automatically optimizes TensorFlow, MXNet, PyTorch, ONNX, and XGBoost models for deployment on ARM, Intel, and Nvidia processors. Neo uses open source projects including several machine learning compilers and a common runtime for all compiled models. 
 
We are looking for software developers who can help us build and maintain a robust, scalable test infrastructure for our products and services. 
 
 
 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Bachelor's in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent subject expertise in AI and deep learning Proven ability to lead software development teams through multiple releases of an enterprise software product or cloud service deployed in production Proven ability to design, develop, and deploy software in production as an individual contributor in an early-stage of product lifecycle Proven ability to influence the development trajectory of related but distinct software development efforts across multiple organizations Demonstrable experience developing and deploying models using at least one deep learning framework Must have experience with building tests or test infrastructure for large software systems Proven ability to drive feature development through multiple releases of an enterprise software product or cloud service deployed in production Proven ability to design, develop, and deploy software in production as an individual contributor in an early-stage of product lifecycle Proven ability to influence the development trajectory of related but distinct software development efforts across multiple organizations Demonstrable contributions to open source projects and communities through code, documentation, and technical evangelism Demonstrable understanding of the current features and limitations of popular deep learning frameworks|
2655f808d80ceff3 |Software Development Engineer, Alexa Video| - |Sunnyvale, CA| |
 
 
 
Want to transform the way people enjoy video? Come join the team that made Fire TV, Amazon Video, DirecTV, Hulu, Netflix and more available to Alexa customers. We are developing customer delighting experiences for video search and discovery using state of the art machine learning technologies so that anyone can leverage the power of Alexa. We want to ensure customers get to the content they care about, faster. 
 
You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, and implementation of cutting edge technology that will be used every day by people you know. We’re looking for people who are passionate about innovating on behalf of customers, demonstrate a high degree of ownership, and want to have fun while they make history. 
 
We are seeking a talented, self-directed Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about designing, developing solutions for voice search and discovery on video. This is a unique opportunity where you will be working on cutting edge technology and also see it impact customer's lives in meaningful ways. 
Key Responsibilities: 
 If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, know how to deliver, are deeply technical, highly innovative and long for the opportunity to build pioneering solutions to challenging problems, we want to talk to you. 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / AgeBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years experience building production software systems Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs Experience developing with distributed systems. Experience with high level programming languagesWork with product managers and translate product requirements into technical deliverables. Prototype, A/B test and launch several customer facing experiences for Alexa Video. Design and develop high-throughput low latency systems for Alexa scale. Develop feedback loops and use it to improve quality. Master's degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent. Experience developing cloud software services with a keen understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience with machine learning, NLP, search or personalization domains. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences|
c855c3752a25b2e4 |Software Engineer, Energy Optimization| - |Palo Alto, CA| |


The Energy Optimization team develops and maintains the high-level control systems for Megapacks, Powerwalls, Virtual Power Plants, and microgrids. Our systems continuously forecast the availability and price of energy, determine optimal control strategies, and dispatch energy in real-time. We have repeatedly demonstrated success in residential, commercial, and utility-scale settings. 
We are looking for talented software engineers to help build the platforms necessary for the next phase of our growth. You will help define new control strategies, extend our services to new applications and markets, and scale our infrastructure to support hundreds of gigawatt-hours around the globe. You will contribute to real-time control systems - both embedded and cloud - and to the offline platforms used for algorithm development and training. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
d67523c8b850bd6a |Senior Software Engineer (MES/C#)| - |Fremont, CA| |

 
 
 
 
 
The Role 
We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in full-stack development. You will join a small, expert team building front-end and server-side software for our Manufacturing Execution System (MES) used at our Fremont manufacturing site for Model S and X production. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a strong desire to delve into an existing software stack to continually improve the suite of our Factory Software systems. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs and change requests. 
Responsibilities 
Requirements Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
df81a2285614a823 |Software Engineer, Frontend| Brex |San Francisco, CA| 
d7047402a3f332f7 |Frontend Software Engineer| Sibros |San Jose, CA| |Description
 Based in Silicon Valley, Sibros is a fast-growing venture backed automotive tech company led by an expert team from Faraday Future, Tesla, Uber and other leading auto-mobility brands. Our Deep Connected Mobility platform helps automakers manage all the software and data between vehicles and the cloud enabling advanced OTA (Over-the-Air) software updates, deep data collection, software inventory management, service management, remote diagnostics and beyond. At Sibros you’ll have the opportunity to work at the forefront of disruptive technology running on millions of vehicles and used by leading EV and autonomous startups to some of the world’s largest and most prestigious automakers.
 
From day one, your work at Sibros will have a positive impact on millions of vehicles. Over the last year, we’ve seen EV and mobility overtake mobile or web in funding. Help support the backbone of this revolution and work with tier-1 vehicle and mobility manufacturers, experience early demos, and learn from the best.
 About the Role
 
Minimum Qualifications
 
Preferred Qualifications
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Work closely with our customers to understand their needs and build high-quality user interfaces. Build, test and ship dashboards using frameworks like React, ES6, and Webpack. Work with engineers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter. Add positive energy in every meeting or interaction with your coworkers. A passion for all things UI and Front End Familiar with git version control system Ability to collaborate and communicate complex technical concepts Experience with ReactJS Experience building highly scalable, high performance, responsive web applications Experience in fundamental front end web technologies including but not limited to HTML, CSS, JavaScript Experience working with charting libraries (i.e. ChartJS, Chartist, Grafana). Experience building, adopting and maintaining RESTful apis. Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment Strong customer focus and obsession with quality Experience working with UI for data heavy products. Experience working with AWS|
28e568195729f626 |Software Engineer| - |Santa Ana, CA 92707| |Join our team! As a member of the First American family of companies, First American Trust is a federal savings bank that has provided banking, wealth management, and trust solutions on a national, full-service basis for more than five decades. As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. We believe that our people are the key to the company’s continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.firstamtrust.com 
Do you desire meaningful work? Looking for exposure to cutting-edge technology? Want to make a positive impact with your influence? Of course you do! At First American Trust, we are working on brand new technologies supporting the banking industry and looking for someone eager to collaborate with our team, at this exciting time! Rise to the challenge and make your mark using cloud computing, Ruby on Rails, Docker Containers etc. Get the exposure working front-middle-backend experience by joining our innovative team. The Software Engineer position requires understanding business needs and translating them effectively into applications either individually or as part of a team. 
Participate in design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and deploying of software code for business products 
Modify and enhance existing products 
Work comfortably within small teams in a corporate environment that requires regular communication with other software engineers, product owner, scrum master, or stakeholders to ensure successful implementation and support product efforts 
Independently define and prioritize individual goals and tasks as part of an agile development process 
Keep up with industry to continually improve technology stack 
Participate in an Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver high-quality software releases 
Ability to participate in an on-call rotation when needed 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline is required 
1-3 years’ experience in software development, at least one year experience on Python or Ruby on Rails 
Knowledge of MVC frameworks 
Experience with React, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS and client-side frameworks 
Experience with Database (PostgreSQL and MySQL) 
Experience with consuming web services (XML, JSON) and building RESTful web services 
A high level of intellectual curiosity and general professionalism is necessary 
Familiarity with established design and development tools, including source control and build management, is preferred 
Experience of SCRUM/Agile experience is a plus 
Azure/AWS experience is a plus 
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
Job Summary 
Software Engineer 
Summary 
Responsibilities 
Job Qualifications|
b81745d9b186b80d |MTS 1, Software Engineer (Back-End)| |eBay Inc.| |San Jose, CA 95113| |Job Description
 The Order Management team is at the core of eCommerce under the Payments organization in eBay. We power all checkout and support all activities on the eBay site that requires money movement and beyond. We build critical software that has immediate impact on millions of eBay users throughout the world. We are seeking a seasoned software engineer who is passionate about the utilizing latest technologies to bring the best user experience to our customers. You will work closely with the various business units, product management, architecture and operations as well as third party software vendors. We are looking or a self-starter and a team player who is a strong driver for results.
 You will collaborate with engineers, business units, product management, architects, and operations teams to build solutions in the Payments domain. Lead and estimate engineering efforts, plan implementations and rollout for applications integrating with cross-functional components. Design, develop and test major features while working in an Agile Scrum team. Utilize Java, Oracle DB, NoSQL, Elastic and other technologies eBay is using.
 
 
 
 
 
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/
 
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
 
View our privacy policy
 
View our accessibility info
 eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
 
 
EEO is the Law Poster
 EEO is the Law Poster SupplementRequirements: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 
 For more information see:Design, develop and support projects throughout all phases of the software development life cycle Develop innovative solutions that meet market needs with respect to functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules, and adherence to development goals and principles Participate in all aspects of PDLC including requirement/design reviews as well as code reviews Create testing harness/infrastructure/test cases/Automation geared towards ensuring quality of the product Estimate engineering effort, plan implementation, and rollout system changes Lead product initiatives, recommend improvements, mentor and guide junior team members Identify project risks and work effectively to mitigate them Share release management duties on feature rollouts, Develop industry and product technical expertise Find and help fix stability/scalability issues in a very time critical environment Ability to think out of the box in solving real world problems. A portfolio or work samples demonstrating coding skills (e.g links to Github repository from open source contributions). Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills.|
56af4aca8a342c47 |Embedded software engineer- UDS and Bootloader| |Tata Elxsi| |Santa Clara, CA 95051| |Job Types: Full-time, Contract Pay: Up to $65.00 per hour Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Education: Work authorization: Contract Length: Contract Renewal: Full Time Opportunity: Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available: This Job Is: Company's website: Work Remotely:BS minimum in the areas of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or other related fields Ideally 5+ years of work experience Advanced degrees preferred Experience in Embedded software programming ( C /C++) with Linux or QNX Experience with GPU programming using CUDA or OpenCL Knowledge of MISRA C/C++ rules and automotive SPICE bootloader, automotive diagnostics (UDS/DoIP), 401(k) Dental insurance Flexible spending account Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Monday to Friday embedded C: 4 years (Preferred) automotive: 1 year (Preferred) UDS: 4 years (Preferred) Bootloader : 4 years (Preferred) Master's (Preferred) United States (Preferred) 1 year Likely Yes Yes: H-1B work authorization Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.) A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or more A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and education www.tataelxsi.com Temporarily due to COVID-19|
470411ebc27b3298 |Software Engineer I| Lytx |San Diego, CA 92121| |You go all in no matter what you do, and so do we. You want to use your powers for good, and that’s exactly what we do at Lytx®. Our team is made up of hungry, humble, and capable people who are making a difference every day with technology that helps save lives each year.
 We are seeking a Software Engineer to help accelerate our industry leading Driver Safety. Our products manage massive amounts of data collected from over 500,000 vehicles worldwide. We use the data and video to derive intelligent insights using Machine Vision and AI. We also track real time telematics for all devices on the network.
 You want to use your powers for good, and that’s exactly what we do at Lytx. Our team is made up of hungry, humble, and capable people who are making a difference every day with technology that helps save lives each year.
 Lytx, Inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and maintains a drug-free workplace. We are committed to attracting, retaining and maximizing the performance of a diverse and inclusive workforce. EOE/M/F/Disabled/Vet.Innovation Lives Here
 Why Lytx:
 You’ll Get To:
 Rapidly prototype, deploy, and test new solutions within our markets.
 Provide state-of-the-art user experiences across mobile and desktop solutions.
 Grow and build out your skills by participating in developing and operating scalable production services and user interface.
 Develop and test new solutions that enhance our position within our markets.
 Perform other duties as assigned.
 What You’ll Need:
 BS in Computer Science/Engineering, completion of a certified code camp or equivalent experience.
 Understanding of Agile processes.
 Experience in creating multi-platform UI using Angular 2+, preferred.
 Familiarity with development of REST services.
 SQL Database design and modeling experience.
 Experienced with object oriented design practices and patterns.
 Proficiency in C# or other objected-oriented languages.
 Ability to collaborate across numerous teams to achieve results.
 ___________
 Lytx is powered by cutting-edge technology and Happy People. |
02c7045a35bbc1ca |System Software Engineer| |Hash Technologies| |Sunnyvale, CA| |
 
 
 
 o Good Programming skills in C/C++ hardcore platform independent C++ programming , Linux Coding Experience.
 o DON’T want people who are very deep in embedded as he is looking for people who have worked at OS level to use OS services. People from networking domain (socket programming), storage (good understanding of filesystems) etcSystem Software Engineer -
 Sunnyvale, CA
 10 -15+ Years exp needed Technically Strong.
 NO OPT CPT pls.
 Mandatory Skills:
 C++ / C /Objective C
 Oops
 Linux Coding Experience
 Data structure Experience
 Must Have skills mentioned above 
 |
d6cf14e1eee497b0 |Software Engineer| rockset |San Mateo, CA| |
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
ABOUT ROCKSET 
Rockset’s vision is to make the world more data driven. Building powerful data applications today requires a combination of complex interdependent data management systems that often resembles a Rube Goldberg machine of sorts. At Rockset, we imagine a world where developers and data scientists go from complex data sets to fast interactive applications and analysis effortlessly, within minutes. Rockset is built by experts with decades of experience in web-scale data management and distributed systems. Our team comprises engineers who helped create the online data and search infrastructure at Facebook, founded the Hadoop Filesystem project at Yahoo, implemented the Gmail backend and Kubernetes at Google, and built databases at Oracle. 
 
We're a fast-growing company. We value curiosity, diversity, and open-mindedness. You will solve interesting problems, surrounded by exceptional people, while making customers happy. We work hard, but also take our personal lives and experiences seriously. We are backed by Greylock Partners and Sequoia Capital, and headquartered in San Mateo, CA with offices in Boston, MA and London, UK. 
 ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY 
We are looking for people who are excited by distributed systems and database technologies. Expect to have a lot of influence over the system we are creating. You should be curious and ready to deep dive into designing scalable distributed systems. 
You will contribute to the design and development of key backend features and components and participate in building infrastructure components from the ground up. You'll contribute to an architecture that anticipates large deployments and can handle scale and design clean, usable APIs. Our ideal candidate will have passion for crafting exceptional engineering solutions, striving for improving performance and helping customers succeed. OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.|
c64b271106d7178c |Software Engineer - VMWare / Nunatix| |Rubrik Job Board| |Palo Alto, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

VMWare is one of the most widely used data protection services from Rubrik. You and the team's work will make a huge impact for our customers and for Rubrik. 
Our team builds products to protect Rubrik customers' deployment of Vmware and Nutanix in data centers and in the cloud. We make it easier for customers to protect their deployment and faster to recover from unforeseen events. Our engineers are self-starters, driven, and proactive. We provide opportunities for personal growth and support for professional development. Our goal is to motivate and challenge you to do your best work. 
As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for: 
 
 
 
You are passionate about working with complex distributed systems that serve business and enterprise customers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rubrik is one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley, revolutionizing data protection and management in the emerging multi-cloud world. We are the leader in cloud data management, delivering a single platform to manage and protect data in the cloud, at the edge, and on-premises. Enterprises choose Rubrik to simplify backup and recovery, accelerate cloud adoption, enable automation at scale, and secure against cyberthreats. Rubrik has raised over $553 million in venture funding, most recently at a valuation of $3.3 billion. We've been recognized as a Forbes Cloud 100 Company two years in a row and as a LinkedIn Top 10 startup. 
#LI-EH1ABOUT THE TEAM 
ABOUT THE JOB Full stack ownership including design, implementation, and testing of new features protecting customers' virtual machine deployment in data centers and in the cloud Troubleshooting issues experienced by customers or internal product test, and providing remedic solutions Analyzing field and internal data, and develop product improvement
 ABOUT YOU BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or in any related field 3-6 years of product development experience Ability to identify scalable and elegant solutions to complex problems Strong interest and ability to learn new technologies Proficient in Python, and either C++, Java, or Scala Full stack development experience is a plus Large distributed systems design and development experience is preferred Experience with popular workload such as Virtual Machines is a bonus ABOUT RUBRIK 
Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.|
b695d620e3076346 |Audio Software Engineer| - |Menlo Park, CA| |Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
 
Facebook Reality Lab's mission is “To give people the tools to feel connected anytime, anywhere.” The teams working on augmented and virtual reality technologies at Facebook are on a mission to build the next computing platform centered around people. We continue to push the state of the art with groundbreaking research into emerging technologies and hardware that will help bring this vision to life. We are building a team focused on building new products that support this mission. We are looking for an audio engineer to develop audio driver, audio firmware or audio AOSP layer. The position requires strong C++ coding skills, experience with AOSP, DSP and audio engines.
 
 
 
 
 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.Analyze, design, develop and debug real time algorithms for embedded systems. 
Collaborate in a team environment across multiple scientific and engineering disciplines, making the architectural tradeoffs required to rapidly deliver software solutions. 
Develop software for a variety of consumer devices. 
Write clean readable code, debug complex problems, prioritize ruthlessly and get things done with a high level of efficiency. 
Learn constantly, dive into new areas with unfamiliar technologies, and embrace the ambiguity of problem solving. BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 
5+ years of experience in C++, including use of C++11 features. 
5+ years of experience creating audio software for games or other real time environments. 
Proven track record of software development experience, including shipping one or more products. 
Communication experience and demonstrated experience working across disciplines to drive optimal solutions.|
5ad0339243b1dc47 |Software Engineer| |Aware Healthcare| |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You are a developer with experience in Android and web development - soon to be known for building the “thermometer for the mind”: a system that encompasses (1) an Android app for passive data collection, (2) a web interface for displaying health data and managing app users, and (3) a well-architected infrastructure for processing all data in real-time. You understand developing on Android comes with unique challenges, and able to design solutions that are user-centric for all users. This means you are conscious about battery life, older android version compatibility, and offline solutions for when the user does not have a WiFi connection. Likewise, this means you are comfortable with updating Android user views and XML layouts for different screen form factors and dimensions. On the backend, you are capable of supporting new data streams as they are implemented in the frontend Android app; creating rudimentary visualizations/reports on those data streams; and adding features to our user-management web interface. Additionally, you are familiar with MVC Frameworks (Django/Flask experience preferred), relational databases and data infrastructure/pipelines in AWS. You can appreciate the sensitivity and confidentiality of users' health data, and therefore recognize how critical it is to handle this information in a secure fashion. To achieve this, you are familiar with encryption, hashing, salting and anonymization techniques. You take user trust incredibly seriously and are always proactive about protecting potentially confidential data. At Aware Healthcare you can expect much more than just a competitive hourly rate. Here are some of the many benefits you can expect as part of your Co-Op experience: Aware Healthcare is on a mission to build the “thermometer for the mind”: a digital medical device that delivers real-time measures of clinical risk to providers, about their patients, at the moments they need it most. The current gold-standard of evaluation in psychiatry are pen & paper surveys that provide subjective, episodic, high-burden, and clinic-based measures of risk. Our thermometer allows providers to check the ‘mental temperature' of their patients — in an objective, continuous, ecological, and passive fashion — at any time. With our thermometer, providers know who needs help, and when they need it. Not only does this shine light into the black box that currently defines life outside the clinic, but it allows providers to deliver just-in-time interventions to patients before it's too late. Trust in providers grows when patients know they're being looked out for. Population health flourishes when high-risk gets detected early. Per capita costs plummet when rates of readmission are reduced. Welcome to the triple-aim of healthcare. We envision a world where we all have the vocabulary to describe how we're mentally feeling; self-awareness to identify when we're heading down a dark path; and tools to get help in minutes not weeks. We can't manage what we don't measure, so we see no more important problem than this for technology in healthcare. We are starting with addiction for several reasons. For one, it seems we've all been affected by or lost friends and family who have struggled with this chronic disease. Two, addiction is the most costly, preventable, and unmanaged disease in America; costing our nation over $700 billion per year and leading to over 70 other comorbid medical conditions. Three, most digital health companies have run away from addiction, because they see the problem as ‘too hard'; the patients as ‘unmanageable'; the suffering as ‘inevitable'. With over 16% of Americans meeting criteria for clinical addiction, and another 32% classifying as risky users, we see this as too big of a problem to ignore. Join us in redefining what it means to know thyself, reconsidering how we measure population health, and revolutionizing the way we manage mental healthcare. Join us at Aware Healthcare. We're a small team looking for someone who's passionate about democratizing self-knowledge; relentless about getting help to those who need it most. You should be comfortable exploring outside your comfort zone; be ready to learn and constantly take on new challenges. You should be known by your colleagues for never compromising on quality, while always moving quickly. On our team, no one is expected to know everything, but everyone is expected to be capable of learning independently, and applying that knowledge effectively. This is a fast-paced role with many concurrent responsibilities, and it comes with a great deal of ownership. Chances are you will grow more in this role than any other role of your career. This idea should excite you, rather than scare you. Being on the Aware Healthcare team means you...Who You Are: Software Engineer (Co-Op) Job Overview Position: Software Engineer (Co-Op) 
Industry: Healthcare & Wellness 
Focus: Android Development, Web Development & Platform Infrastructure 
Commitment: 40 hours per week for 12 weeks 
Start Date: August 2020 
Location: Remote 
Experience: Junior-level (3+ months relevant experience) 
Compensation: Competitive hourly rate, plus additional benefits listed below Job Description Responsibilities Android Data Stream Collection 
Data Stream Processing 
Patient Management Web Interface 
Infrastructure, Security and DevOps Required Qualifications Proficient with Java and Python 
Familiar with Android, Python MVC, and Web Development (HTML/CSS/Javascript) 
Familiar with basic AWS Services such as EC2, RDS and S3 
Knowledgeable about software development best practices (using version control, testing, monitoring and deploying) 
Openness and willingness to learn. Preferred Qualifications Experienced with Java/Kotlin, Python and Web Development. 
Proficient with Android, Flask, Django, and Angular. 
Familiar with AWS Services such as Lambda, Kinesis and Sagemaker 
Familiar with CoreNLP and Machine Learning 
Knowledgeable about Data Security best practices. 
Experience with HIPAA compliant infrastructure Co-Op Program Benefits Early-stage startup experience: you'll get in on the ground floor of a new digital healthcare company and experience true innovation first-hand. 
Portfolio projects: you'll be given the freedom, trust, and resources you need to own projects from start to finish that directly impact people's lives. 
Summer case study: at the end of the program, we'll help you create/publish a case study showcasing your summer projects for future employers (here's an example (https://medium.com/the-mission/deconstructing-data-science-breaking-the-complex-craft-into-its-simplest-parts-15b15420df21)). 
Letter of recommendation: by the end of the summer, your direct supervisor will write a personal letter of recommendation for you to use in future job applications. 
Future job referrals: for months after your Co-Op, you'll have exclusive access to work opportunities that arise in our groups' 300+ company network. 
Professional mentorship: you'll receive direct training, guidance, and oversight from a supervisor who has 5+ years of experience in your chosen field of work. 
Networking opportunities: you'll meet and work alongside incredibly smart, driven, and resourceful teammates; build relationships that last your whole career. 
Real impact: you'll walk away from the summer with having positively influenced the trajectory of people in recovery, and tangible work products that prove it. Who We Are: Aware Healthcare Inc. Our Mission Our Vision Our Why How We Will Collaborate: Culture & Values Work Culture Team Values Take ownership: the buck stops at you; you are individually responsible. 
Are proactive: you take initiative; identify problems before they happen. 
Embrace risk: take courageous & calculated risks; no one gets banished for making mistakes. 
Are radically candid: you expect truth and nothing but the truth; give & take constructive criticism. 
Have a growth-mindset: we believe you can always be better & you should too; no one has ever ‘made it'. 
Are insatiably curious: you have a desire to understand the world that can never be fully satisfied. 
Practice humility: you don't know everything and you never will; embrace that and learn. 
Focus on humans: always feel into the human experience at the other end of the machine. 
Are playful: you work hard, laugh hard, and crack jokes in meetings. 
Think slow: you choose careful deliberation over brash decisions.|
1eb0ad3e624de9ba |Junior Engineer DevOps| - |San Jose, CA 95131| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon. HMI, a wholly owned subsidiary of ASML,is looking for an Engineer for a role in a recently formed DevOps Team at Hermes Microvision Inc. The Engineer will work in a Development Operations Team (DevOps), Continuously improving on the 7 main topics within DevOps, Code, Build, Test, Package, Release, Configure, Monitor. A successful candidate will be expected to work in a team tasked with providing an infrastructure capable of delivering products of the highest quality for our software developers and test engineers. The candidate should have experience in implementing automation and development using the following tools and methodologies: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or related fields A successful candidate is expected to work with other DevOps engineers in the following day-to-day activities: 
To maintain the health of the server infrastructure to include:
 This position primarily works in an office environment. It requires frequent sitting, standing and walking. Daily use of a computer is required. May stand for extended periods when facilitating meetings. The physical demands of the position described herein are essential functions of the job and employees must be able to successfully perform these tasks for extended periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made for those individuals with real or perceived disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job described. 
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/DisabilityIntroduction Job Mission Job Description Experience in the DevOps ways of working – preferably centered on Atlassian Tooling - to provide infrastructures with a high level of integration between ticketing systems (Atlassian JIRA), continuous integration systems (Atlassian Bamboo), documentation and knowledge sharing systems (Atlassian Confluence) and version control systems (Atlassian Bitbucket).
 Participate in a team charged with the provision of automated tooling to facilitate the creation of highest quality production code, also called infrastructure as code. To include continuous integration plans that continually measure and report code quality in terms of style, correctness and conformance to HMI coding standards guidelines(sonarqube). Experienced in implementation of build breakage avoidance tooling to include mandated code review and pre-qualify new software deliveries using TRYBUILD methodologies Experience in the design of robust and maintainable build and deployment plansfor a range of HMI products. Be a champion and mentor for an “Agile” way of working. Display a willingness/ability to participate in a SCRUM team to continuously deliver improvements in all areas of Development Operations. Education Experience Development work to improve DevOps automation Prepare and maintain build and deployment plans for both QA (Quality Assurance), RC (Release Candidate) and Final release builds for a range of HMI software products. Build servers Service nodes for tooling Test infrastructure servers - compute clusters (HPC) - Simulators Personal skills Solid communication skills in verbal and written English Strong understanding of SCM branching strategies and the use of git/bitbucket. Strong UNIX skills – preferable Linux Strong Windows skills – preferable Windows Server, Windows 7/10 Experience with Release Engineering processes and software development cycles Integration experience preferred Python programming is a plus C# programming is a plus Experience in OO programming is a plus Context of the position Other information|
0c21a2c8f230208f |Systems Software Engineer, Brain-Computer Interface Team| - |Menlo Park, CA| |Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
 
Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) is dedicated to research and development required to deliver Facebook’s vision of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) experiences that ship in five to ten years. FRL’s Brain Computer Interface, or BCI, team is developing a non-invasive system to enable anyone to use their brain to interact with devices. As a Systems Software Engineer, you will work with a multidisciplinary team of engineers and researchers. You will be responsible to bring-up and integrate cutting edge hardware that implements neural interface technologies.
 
 
 
 
 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.Work at all levels of the software stack, from device drivers and operating system to high-level application, to integrate a variety of hardware devices 
Collaborate closely with the multidisciplinary team (hardware and software) to build embedded systems prototypes 
Develop robust processes for validating hardware and system integration BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field 
Knowledge of operating systems concepts 
Experience writing software at all levels of the stack, from device driver to high level APIs 
Experience with board bring-up and systems debugging 
Experience developing and debugging on a microcontroller, embedded Linux or Arduino board 
Experience in the following programming languages: C++, Python 
Experience with multithreading and concurrency|
6b6d4d9b4b54119f |Software Engineer, Fullstack| - |San Francisco, CA 94103| |
 
 
 
Company Description 
 Job Description 
 Qualifications 
 
Additional Information 
 

Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation. 
As a full-stack engineer on the (Service) Continuous Deployment team, you’ll build tools to accelerate software delivery of backend services at Twitter. 
Our in-house CD platform serves hundreds of internal customers running the thousands of services that make up our product. The tooling you will own will be a key part of Twitter's migration to Kubernetes and Docker and our overall hybrid cloud strategy. Our goal is to free up engineers from the burden of configuring and maintaining Continuous Deployment pipelines, so they can focus on adding value to Twitter's users. 
You’ll work directly with both internal customers and peers from other Platform teams on many kinds of projects and technologies that help engineers ship code changes to production: 
The Service Continuous Deployment team develops and operates the infrastructure that Twitter developers use to orchestrate their production software delivery pipelines. We have a passion for product development and our tooling has consistently polled as some of the most popular developer tooling inside Twitter. We value work-life balance and have a strong social culture on the team. Our team is relatively new and we are currently looking for folks of all experience levels to help us achieve our mission. We would be delighted to invest in candidates with that rare combination of software engineering and UX design interests. 
We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.
Design opinionated but flexible products that make it easy for service owners to adhere to Continuous Deployment best practices 
Craft tools, processes and frameworks to guide colleagues through safely releasing production code 
Guide and support colleagues who are deploying distributed systems 
Implement software in a reliable and sustainable manner 
Support and maintain your software to ensure a high quality customer experience 
Collaborate with, learn from, and mentor teammates 
B.S.+ in Computer Science or related discipline (or equivalent experience) 
Interest in product development, experience with UX design is a huge bonus 
2+ years of experience with user interfaces, distributed systems, and asynchronous programming 
You’ve built and operated full-stack applications, from JS to DB 
Model of software engineering best practices, including agile development, unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, debugging, and troubleshooting 
Previous experience with React.js or demonstrated ability to learn new programming 
Growth mindset and a desire to learn, teach, and mentor|
30a87f4911259ad3 |Engineer 3, Software Development & Engineering 2169| - |Sunnyvale, CA 94089| |Business Unit:
 
TITLE: Engineer 3, Software Development & Engineering
 DUTIES: Contribute to a team responsible for developing and maintaining software platforms for software-based network services and service/cloud orchestration platforms for overlay services targeting enterprise, small, and medium-sized businesses, and residential markets; build, enhance, and support service and network orchestration platforms that integrate into operations and business support (OSS/BSS) systems, for cloud-native, virtual, and physical network functions; develop distributed cloud-based applications, data structures, and algorithms through the full software development lifecycle (SDLC) using Java, Python, AWS/Azure cloud, and Agile software development methodologies; define, design, test, and implement REST/WEB APIs; design and develop software code modules, algorithms, and adaptors for managing Software Defined Wide Area Network (SDWAN), Wifi, Voice, and Virtual Service Gateways-based services; utilize AWS tools; build software applications that run on AWS and distributed cloud-based applications; develop low latency/high throughput server infrastructure components to handle a large transaction volume; analyze, test, and assist with the integration of new applications; collaborate with project stakeholders to identify product and technical requirements; conduct analysis to determine integration needs; implement unit and system tests of software code modules in order to deliver high quality solutions that scales to accommodate a large customer base; perform system integration and debug software by troubleshooting software components of the platform solution; and collaborate with the Quality Assurance team to determine if software fits specifications and technical requirements.
 REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field; and two (2) years of experience developing software applications, data structures, and algorithms through the full software development lifecycle using Java/Python and Agile software development methodologies; and designing and implementing REST/WEB APIs, of which six (6) months includes utilizing AWS or Azure cloud tools; and building software applications that run on distributed cloud-based applications and AWS or Azure. 
 Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer|
d9e2f1a3bf50b343 |Software Engineer, Frontend - University Graduate, 2021| Verkada |San Mateo, CA 94401| |
 
 

 

At Verkada, we’re rethinking what it means to be physically safe. Today, we build security cameras that detect action, identify danger and help keep people and places safe and secure. Using a combination of software and hardware, we’re transforming an industry that has seen little innovation for decades—and we already support thousands of customers. But this is just the beginning. We envision a world in which security systems feel as seamless and modern as the organizations they protect and our enterprise solution becomes a model for not just business security, but public security as well. 
 
We are looking for software engineers who thrive in a startup culture working alongside teammates to launch products that will be utilized by customers across the globe. As part of the Software Engineering team, you’ll have ownership of one or more projects on various teams including backend/infrastructure, mobile, firmware, or frontend/UI. You will work across the full software stack and collaborate cross functionally to build the latest iterations of Verkada’s flagship software enabling our best-in-class security systems. 
Behind the scenes, we’re a team of computer scientists, hardware engineers and experienced founders who saw a chance to make a real impact. We’re united by the challenge of building beautiful products, designed for real people—and by our commitment to using technology responsibly. We believe keeping data private and secure is core to our safety as individuals, businesses and communities and we put great care into building systems that embody our values as people. Likewise, many of Silicon Valley’s top investors believe in us: we’re backed by Sequoia Capital, FirstRound, Meritech and Siemens (Next47). 
Verkada is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status, and encourage all qualified applicants to apply.About Verkada The Role About our team|
e324ae92432aebbc |Software Engineer| |Avellino Lab| |Menlo Park, CA 94025| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avellino Lab USA, Inc. is a pre-IPO world leader in genetic diagnostics and gene therapy research. Avellino developed the first commercially available genetic test for corneal dystrophy (a degenerative eye condition), providing a fast and accurate test to help guide physicians in treating their patients to prevent or delay vision loss. Avellino continues to innovate and has developed a next-generation sequencing (NGS) test for keratoconus. In addition to the diagnosis of these progressive eye diseases, Avellino is also developing state-of-the-art siRNA and CRISPR gene editing programs for corneal dystrophies and for treatment technologies that can be applied to other diseases beyond ophthalmology. Avellino Labs operates globally and has been recognized for its work, including being named a Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum.
 Avellino has a newly developed, FDA-validated coronavirus diagnostic test –the Avellino SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 Test (AvellinoCoV2 Test) – a Laboratory Developed Test (LDT) that uses Real-Time Reverse Transcriptase RT-qPCR for the presumptive in vitro qualitative detection of nucleic acid from the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Avellino is ramping up operations in order to meet the worldwide need for SARS-CoV-2 testing. 
Avellino seeks an experienced software engineer who will be involved in architecting, developing, testing, and integrating different software platforms, including front end digital entry, management of customer inputted information, processing of laboratory tests, and reporting of results back to customers and to public health agencies. This candidate will also provide in-house and external support to customers as needed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This job operates in a professional office environment and a clinical lab environment. 
Working Conditions:
 Must be able to regularly sit, speak and hear, and perform climbing, standing, stooping, twisting, lifting, and other physical movements to perform job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to protect essential functions.Company Summary
 
Position Summary 
Primary Duties & Responsibilities Develop, maintain, and support various company software, including Avellino’s customer-facing Web Application for patient test administration. Develop, maintain, support, and integrate software as needed for the internal laboratory information management system (LIMS).
 Work in a team environment, including with third-party vendors, to develop, maintain, and support software as well as LIMS. Program and debug in various programming languages, including Python and Java. Work with IT for software development, deployment, and support. Provide on-site, in-house IT support. Perform other tasks as may be assigned. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or related field) or its equivalence in job experience.
 3-6 years in software or data science engineering.
 Understanding of functional software tests, regression testing, automated test (functional and regression) with platforms that are codeless and support scripting/programming Working knowledge of installing, configuring, and troubleshooting software products for external and internal customers.
 Preferred Experiences Experience in the biotech/life sciences industry.
 Experience with AWS cloud environments.
 Competencies Self-motivated, energetic, organized, and results oriented with a team mentality Ability to multitask and prioritize competing deadlines Problem solving, decision-making and scientific learning Strong written and oral communication skills Assertive and respectful personality with a high level of social skills in order to deal effectively and persuasively with a team
 Ability to work under general direction and independently determine approach to solutions or seek clarification. Work Environment:|
2c99af2a20cb03dc |Embedded Sensor Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014| |
Apple is well known for its innovative products and its pure dedication to customer-oriented features that “just work”. Behind its success, Apple amasses top engineering talents to develop world-class hardware and software solutions that work amazingly well together.
At the heart of Apple’s Software organization, the Core OS team is responsible for the design and development of core technologies that are deployed across all Apple product areas including the iPhone, iPad, Watch, MacBook, iMac, and Apple TV (Yes, that’s pretty much everything!). One such fast growing technology is Sensor, which adds the notion of senses to an array of already highly intelligent devices. We are looking for top embedded software engineers in this area.|
31778eab3aedd6be |Software Engineer| Vehicle.Software |Palo Alto, CA| |vehicle.software is creating a new infotainment platform to redefine the in-car experience. We are focused on bringing excellent user experience to electric vehicles: beautiful visualizations, deep integration of connected services, and continuous improvements via regular software updates. Over the last decade, our team led development of Tesla's award-winning car software, widely adopted smartphone system software, and more. We are based in Palo Alto, California, and our customers are established car companies all over the world.
 
 
We are using Rust to deliver exceptionally stable and secure software, and we are hiring engineers to help create this software. As a vehicle.software engineer, your responsibilities will include
 Requirements:
 vehicle.software offers outstanding equity and comprehensive benefits, including health, dental, and vision insurance; unlimited paid time off; and a 401(k) program. 
 
For more information, or to apply, reach out via email at careers@vehicle.software.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Collaborating with our product and design teams to implement new features and new functionality. Crafting new features and functionality from the ground up. Because we're small, you will have impact across our whole product, from real-time visualizations and media players, through cloud services and mobile apps. Defining new processes to ensure an efficient engineering organization and a high-quality software product. 10+ years developing software professionally. Experience engineering superb user interface software and working on cross-functional teams. In-depth knowledge of Linux-based systems. Rust familiarity is a bonus, but not required. Comprehensive experience with native code and toolchains is required. Curiosity to learn new technologies and apply new techniques to challenging problems. A burning passion to ensure that next-generation electric vehicles have infotainment systems that set a new standard for performance, stability, and functionality.|
15542fd4ff0ffd18 |Firmware Validation Engineer - Software Engineer in Test, Body Controls| - |Palo Alto, CA| |

As a firmware developer in test on the body controls and thermal firmware team, you will be responsible for ensuring the accurate testing and coverage reporting of embedded code running on Tesla vehicle products. In addition, the role includes designing and maintaining embedded hardware and software test environments that simulate real world system interactions and report automated results on a regular basis. Come join a team of deeply knowledgeable engineers that strive to build the most robust and reliable embedded systems using cutting edge software development tools and practices. 
 
 
The Role 
Responsibilities Writing code and developing scenarios to test coverage of component requirements using hardware and software in the loop testing environments using Python
 Maintaining a suite of regression tests to ensure software functionality for each release of vehicle software
 Communicating with developers, mechanical and electrical engineers to proactively identify problems and gaps in test coverage and documentation
 Creating and updating tests for new features and technology
 Qualifying each release of vehicle software for deployment to customer vehicles
 Developing clear and concise test reports
 Maintaining automated test infrastructure
 Required BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or Mechatronics (with software engineering background)
 1+ year of relevant experience
 Ability to understand, test, and troubleshoot complicated system interactions
 Programming language experience with Python and/or C
 Ability to use programming languages to implement complex data structures and algorithms
 Experience developing tests with reusable code
 Ability to drive problems to solutions across different groups in the company
 Ability to develop test guidelines from specifications
 Strong physics, thermal, and/or mechanical understanding
 Experience shipping customer facing software and hardware is a plus
 Experience using embedded data acquisition tools (National Instruments, Kvaser, PEAK-System) is a plus
 Understanding of revision control software (SVN, GIT, etc) is a plus
 Experience working in a safety-critical automotive environment is a plus 
 Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program|
36d12169533d23f6 |Software Engineer, Backend - Charging| - |Palo Alto, CA| |The Rivian Digital Commerce Team develops and manages the revenue generating digital properties which link consumers to physical services. We are developing a world-class e-commerce platform that will make learning about and purchasing electric adventure vehicles intuitive, seamless and fun. To that end, we are creating a Vehicle Charging Squad focused on managing our our charging infrastructure. We are seeking highly passionate and customer focused   to be part of this platform journey. She/He will be have an opportunity to design and build a highly decoupled charging micro-services system. ** ** Department: Digital Commerce Location: Palo Alto ** Rivian is on a mission to keep the world adventurous forever. This goes for the emissions-free Electric Adventure Vehicles we build, and the curious, courageous souls we seek to attract. As a company, we constantly challenge what’s possible, never simply accepting what has always been done. We reframe old problems, seek new solutions and operate comfortably in areas that are unknown. Our backgrounds are diverse, but our team shares a love of the outdoors and a desire to protect it for future generations. We operate development centers in Plymouth, MI, Irvine, San Jose, Palo Alto CA, and Surrey, England, as well as a manufacturing facility in Normal, Illinois. Rivian is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Rivian is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Rivian are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Rivian will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Rivian encourages applicants of all ages. Job Type: Full-time Benefits: Schedule: Experience: Work authorization: Application Question: Work Location: Company's website: Company's Facebook page: Benefit Conditions: Work Remotely:Software Backend Engineer(s) THIS IS WHAT YOU’LL DO:  Partner closely with Product to provide solutions and recommendations – you are able to drive ambiguity out of requirements and articulate the broadly applicable solutions. Design, extend and review software architecture – be hands on and involved with every stage of product development life cycle. Develop state of the art code – influence/establish the software development culture of the team. Establish standards and best practice for software engineering. THIS IS WHAT YOU’LL NEED:  2+ years of relevant industry experience, with 5+ years of building large scale enterprise grade systems. Experience building micro-services at scale which can handle millions of transactions/second in cloud environment – AWS/GCP/AZURE Meticulous around visibility of the systems you build – centralized logging, tracking Experience developing API’s with the care they deserve – REST with OpenAPI, Swagger In-depth knowledge of Web protocols, experience with AWS, Java/Kotlin/Spring-Boot/Python, Kubernates, Kafka and related tools like Jenkins, CI/CD, BitBucket Strong computer science foundation including data structures, algorithms and design patterns with a proven track record of software design Experience and familiarity with cloud native deployment practices – specifically containers and container orchestration platforms Knowledge of OCPP, OCPI, and ISO 15118 Plug & Charge standards highly desired THIS IS WHERE YOU’LL WORK:  RIVIAN DESCRIPTION:  401(k) Dental Insurance Health Insurance Life Insurance Paid Time Off Relocation Assistance Vision Insurance Monday to Friday AWS: 3 years (Required) Java: 3 years (Required) Springboot: 3 years (Required) United States (Required) Will you ever require Visa sponsorship from Rivian now or in the future? One location https://rivian.com/ https://www.facebook.com/rivianofficial Only full-time employees eligible Temporarily due to COVID-19|
d9b6c94a4ee6c5c7 |Software Development Engineer Tooling| SmartThings |Mountain View, CA| |
 

Did your things make you go “wow” today? At SmartThings, we are dedicated to making every home a Smart Home - and as the IoT platform of Samsung, with millions of users and connected devices, we are well on our way. We strive to create an easy-to-use, secure, and above all intelligent IoT solution for the home that delights our customers. Our fun, intelligent, and creative teams need your help to make our things a little more connected, and a lot smarter. 
The Automation Foundation team develops tooling for automated testing and Continuous Delivery of the SmartThings IoT Cloud platform, devices and mobile applications. Our goal is to provide a seamless testing experience that helps development teams iterate in their daily workflow and helps validation engineers generate insight for release and sign-off criteria. We are looking for an engineer with experience in software tooling at scale.|
7e1b6498f42f1d73 |Software Engineer| - |Santa Clara, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States-California-Santa Clara- 
 
Verb Surgical Inc. (6270) 
 
R&D 
 
0123200811Robotics & Digital Solutions, a part of Ethicon, Inc. is recruiting for a Software Engineer. This position is located in Santa Clara, California. 
 
Robotics & Digital Solutions is part of Ethicon, Inc., a global leader in surgery with products and solutions found in almost every operating room around the world. Ethicon has made significant contributions to surgery for more than 100 years from creating the first sutures, to revolutionizing surgery with minimally invasive procedures. Our continuing dedication to Shape the Future of Surgery is built on our commitment to help address the world's most pressing health care issues and improve and save more lives. Through Ethicon's surgical technologies and solutions including robotics, digital solutions, sutures, staplers, energy devices, trocars and hemostats and our commitment to treat serious medical conditions like obesity and cancer worldwide, we deliver innovation to make a life-changing impact. For more information, visit www.ethicon.com. The Digital Solutions group is building advanced technologies to improve healthcare, and we are looking for a Software Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have both full stack software development and C++ programming experience. This individual will be responsible for the design and implementation of software solutions, as an active participant in all phases of the software development lifecycle. 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
Primary Location Organization Job Function Requisition IDKey Responsibilities: Use standard methodologies for building software under Design Control procedures for use in a medical device. Efficiently translate requirements into application features and document architecture and designs decisions. Design, develop and debug software for complex, multi-process systems. Design and implement client-side, server-side and database software. Design and implement interfaces for data exchange with other systems. A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering (or similar degree) is required.
 A minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience in Software Development is required.
 Experience with C/C++ software development in Linux/Unix environment is required. Experience writing multi-process and multi-threaded software is required. Experience with front end languages is required. Such as; HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Understanding of JavaScript frameworks is required. Such as; AngularJs, React and Node.js Experience with server-side languages is required. Such as; Python, Ruby, and PHP Familiarity with database technology is required. Such as; MySQL and Postgres This role may require up to 10% travel.
 Preferred: Experience developing medical device software
|
55d9e13bd4284403 |Full-Stack Software Engineer| walrus.ai |San Francisco, CA| |
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
walrus.ai is a new approach to testing and ensuring confidence in complex web applications. Through a combination of human intelligence and computer execution, we offer quick and reliable monitoring and testing from simple, plain-English instructions. As part of the engineering team, you will: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We believe in empowering and delighting our customers. The biggest part of that is listening to them, when they’re happy, and when they’re frustrated. Before making any hard decision, listen to different points of view, collect as much insight as possible, and move forward with conviction. Don’t bring the ego in the building. 
 
 
 Failure is embraced, as long as you learn something from it. 
We believe in curiosity, and first-principles reasoning. All ideas are welcome, and debate is embraced. We aim for clarity of thought, and collecting diverse points of view, from our team, and our customers. 
 
 
 Whether cooking, writing a book or managing your workload, boiling ideas down to their essence, and bringing elegant simplicity to complex systems are the backbones of operational excellence. 
Building a team with diverse experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives is the only way we will ever achieve our most ambitious goals. Actions stem from principles, and our commitment to building a diverse team influences walrus.ai at every level of the company, from how we hire, to how we conduct meetings.   
 
 
 
 
Why this role? : At walrus.ai, we're building tools that eliminate the tedium and pain of building reliable applications. You are your own customer.  Anything written in code can use testing, and we want to be the market-leading solution for reliability  By joining walrus.ai in the earliest stages, you'll fundamentally impact how we grow. You'll get to talk to customers, close deals, hire team members, ship code, and see your work adopted by the world's leading technology companies. And have a blast doing it. About this role Work closely with the rest of the team (engineering, product, design) to define and implement new features from start to finish, with clean and well-tested code (dev-ops, server, client). Build, maintain, and continuously improve our internal automation tooling to ensure quick and reliable test results for our clients. Build and maintain infrastructure and monitoring such that our clients are consistently having the best possible experience. This might be a fit for you if... You have experience building and maintaining software used by consumers or businesses You are proficient in front-end technologies You understand, and care deeply about the ramifications of the code you write, on the customer, and on the business You are comfortable with the ambiguity and pace of iteration of an early-stage startup You are resourceful and will do whatever it takes to deliver delightful customer experiences. Core Values 
Listen First 
Always learn “One who carries a cat by the tail learns something one can learn in no other way.” 
Keep it simple “Stock is the backbone of good cooking, just roast some bones, roast some vegetables, put them in a big pot with water, and reduce and reduce and reduce.” 
Our commitment to diversity 
Benefits:  $1000 to deck out your home office!  for new parents  schedule:take time when you need it  Mandatory day off every quarter to do what you want, on usBuild a product that you would genuinely love to use Solve technical challenges that have the potential to help every developer in the world: Build a company from the ground up: 
— Mark Twain 
— Anthony Bourdain WFH Subsidy:  Health, dental, and vision insurance  Flexible parental leave  Flexible time off  for physical or mental wellbeing  "Treat yourself" days:|
